Bran Stark: Every night it's the same: I'm walking, running, but I'm not me. I'm running through the Godswood, sniffing the dirt, tasting blood in my mouth when I've made a fresh kill, howling. Old Nan used to tell me stories about magical people who could live inside stags, birds, wolves.
Maester Luwin: That's exactly what they were, Bran: stories.
Bran Stark: So she was lying? They don't exist?
Maester Luwin: Well, they may have done, but they're gone from the world along with much else. These are dreams, Bran, nothing more.
Bran Stark: No. My dreams are different. Mine are true. I dreamt of my father dying and Rickon had the same dream.
Maester Luwin: What about all the dreams you had that didn't come true? [removes a link from his chain] This link is made of Valyrian steel. Only one Maester in a hundred wears it on his chain. It signifies that I have studied the higher mysteries, and all who study these mysteries try their hand at spells. I was not different. I was young and what boy doesn't secretly wish for special powers to lift him out of his dull life into a special one, but in the end, for all of my efforts, I got no more out of it than a thousand boys before me. Come on. [tucks Bran back to bed] Maybe magic once was a mighty force in the world, but not anymore; the dragons are gone, the giants are dead, and the children of the forest forgotten.
Balon Greyjoy: What are our words? [Theon hesitates] Our words?
Theon Greyjoy: "We Do Not Sow"
Balon Greyjoy: "We Do Not Sow". We are Ironborn. We're not subjects, we're not slaves. We do not plow the fields or toil in the mines. We take what is ours. Your time with the wolves has made you weak.
Theon Greyjoy: You act as if I volunteered to go. You gave me away if you remember. The day you bent the knee to Robert Baratheon. After he crushed you. Did you take what was yours then? [Balon slaps Theon] You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didn't want anymore, and now you curse me because I've come home!
Cersei Lannister: You monster! Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I will let you sell her like a common whore?
Tyrion Lannister: Myrcella is a princess. Some would say she was born for this.
Cersei Lannister: I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon!
Tyrion Lannister: Dorne is the safest place for her.
Cersei Lannister: Are you mad? The Martells loathe us.
Tyrion Lannister: That's why we need to seduce them. We're going to need their support in the war your son started.
Cersei Lannister: She'll be a hostage.
Tyrion Lannister: A guest.
Cersei Lannister: You won't get away with this. You think the piece of paper father gave you keeps you safe? Ned Stark had a piece of paper too.
Tyrion Lannister: It's done, Cersei.
Cersei Lannister: No.
Tyrion Lannister: You cannot stop it!
Cersei Lannister: No!
Tyrion Lannister: Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if the city falls? Do you want to see her raped and butchered like the Targaryen children? Make no mistake, they will mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours.
Cersei Lannister: Get out! [Pushes Tyrion back onto the stairs] Get out!
Varys: Power is a curious thing, my lord. Are you fond of riddles?
Tyrion Lannister: Why, am I about to hear one?
Varys: Three great men sit in a room; a king, a priest and a rich man. Between them stands a common sellsword. Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two. Who lives, who dies?
Tyrion Lannister: Depends on the sellsword.
Varys: Does it? He has neither crown, nor gold, nor the favour of the gods.
Tyrion Lannister: He has a sword, the power of life and death.
Varys: But if it's swordsmen who rule, why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?
Tyrion Lannister: I've decided I don't like riddles.
Varys: Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall, and a very small man can cast a very large shadow.