Roose Bolton: Five Lannisters dead, for every one of ours. We've nowhere to keep these prisoners. We have barely enough food to feed our own.
Robb Stark: We're not executing prisoners, Lord Bolton.
Roose Bolton: Of course, Your Grace. The officers will be useful. Some of them may be privy to Tywin Lannister's plans.
Robb Stark: I doubt it.
Roose Bolton: Well, we'll learn soon enough. In my family, we say: "A naked man has few secrets, a flayed man none."
Robb Stark: My father outlawed flaying in the North.
Roose Bolton: We're not in the North...
Robb Stark: We're not torturing them!
Roose Bolton: The high road's very pretty, but you'll have a'hard time marching your army down it.
Robb Stark: The Lannisters hold prisoners of their own. I won't give them an excuse to abuse my sisters.
Tyrion Lannister: What is the meaning of this? What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?
Meryn Trant: The kind who serves his king, Imp!
Bronn: Careful now, we don't want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak.
Tyrion Lannister: Someone get the girl something to cover herself with. [Sandor Clegane gives Sansa his cloak] She's to be your Queen. Have you no regard for her honour?
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm punishing her.
Tyrion Lannister: For what crimes? She did not fight her brother's battle, you halfwit!
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't talk to me like that! The king can do as he likes!
Tyrion Lannister: The Mad King did as he liked. Has your Uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?
Meryn Trant: No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard!
Tyrion Lannister: I'm not threatening the king, ser. I'm educating my nephew. Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him. That was a threat. See the difference?!
Tyrion Lannister: I apologize for my nephew's behavior. Tell me the truth. Do you want an end to this engagement?
Sansa Stark: I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love.
Tyrion Lannister: Lady Stark. You may survive us yet.
Stannis Baratheon: Lady Stark, I had not thought to find you in the Stormlands.
Catelyn Stark: I had not thought to be here, Lord Stannis.
Renly Baratheon: Can that truly be you?
Stannis Baratheon: Who else might it be?
Renly Baratheon: When I saw your standard, I couldn't be sure. Whose banner is that?
Stannis Baratheon: My own.
Renly Baratheon: I suppose if we use the same one, the battle will be terribly confusing. Why is your stag on fire?
Melisandre: The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light.
Renly Baratheon: Ah, you must be this fire priestess we hear so much about. Ah brother, now I understand why you found religion in your old age!
Stannis Baratheon: Watch yourself, Renly!
Renly Baratheon: No, no, I'm relieved. I never really believed you were a fanatic; charmless, rigid, a bore, yes, but not a godly man.
Melisandre: You should kneel before your brother. He is the Lord's Chosen, born amidst salt and smoke.
Renly Baratheon: 'Born amidst salt and smoke'? Is he a ham?
Stannis Baratheon: That's twice I've warned you.
Catelyn Stark: Listen to yourselves! If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber together until you remember you're brothers.
Stannis Baratheon: It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark. Your husband was a supporter of my claim; Lord Eddard's integrity cost him his head. And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me?
Catelyn Stark: We share a common enemy!
Stannis Baratheon: The Iron Throne is mine by right. All those who deny that are my foes.
Renly Baratheon: The whole realm denies it, from Dorne to the Wall. Old men deny it with their death rattles and unborn children deny it in their mothers' wombs. No one wants you for their king. You never wanted any friends, brother, but a man without friends is a man without power.
Stannis Baratheon: For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider. Strike your banners, come to me before dawn and I will grant you your old seat on the Council. I'll even name you my heir, until a son is born to me. Otherwise I shall destroy you.
Renly Baratheon: Look across those fields, brother. Can you see all those banners?
Stannis Baratheon: You think a few bolts of cloth will make you king?
Renly Baratheon: No. The men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king!
Stannis Baratheon: We shall see, Renly. Come the dawn, we shall see.
Melisandre: Look to your sins, Lord Renly. The night is dark and full of terrors.
[Renly watches them leave.]
Renly Baratheon: Would you believe? I loved him once.
Lancel Lannister: I am a Knight!
Tyrion Lannister: An anointed Knight, yes. Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? [Lancel is dumbstruck] What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, Ser?
Lancel Lannister: You will withdraw these filthy accusations!
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out you have been bedding his mother?
Lancel Lannister: It's not my fault!
Tyrion Lannister: Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, Knight?
Lancel Lannister: Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the King's squire, he told me to obey her in everything!
Tyrion Lannister: Did he tell you to fuck her, too?
Lancel Lannister: I only meant, I did as I was bid. I...
Tyrion Lannister: Hated every moment of it, is that what you'll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sister's legs spreading open for you at night! Oh yes, it must have been terrible! Wait here, His Grace will want to hear this.
Lancel Lannister: Mercy! Mercy, my Lord! I beg you!
Tyrion Lannister: Save it for Joffrey; he loves a good grovel.
Lancel Lannister: My Lord, it was your sister's bidding, the Queen. I'll leave the city at once, I swear.
Tyrion Lannister: No, I think not.
Lancel Lannister: My Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: You heard me. My father told you to obey my sister. Obey her. Stay close to her side. Keep her trust. Pleasure her whenever she requires. No one ever need know as long as you keep faith with me. I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything and you will tell me.
Lancel Lannister: [kneels] Yes, my lord, I will. I swear it as you command.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh rise, rise. Let us drink to our understanding. Oh, you don't have a cup. Oh, well. Smile, cousin. My sister is a beautiful woman. And it's all for the good of the realm. Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that henceforth I shall do nothing without her consent.
Lancel Lannister: But, her demands...
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'll give her Pycelle.
Lancel Lannister: You will?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, I'll release him in the morning. Cersei can keep him as a pet if she wants, but I will not have him on the council. I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true.