Margaery Tyrell: [looking at Renly's corpse] He was very handsome.
Petyr Baelish: He was, Your Grace.
Margaery Tyrell: "Your Grace". Calling yourself King doesn't make you one. If Renly wasn't a King, I wasn't a Queen.
Petyr Baelish: Do you want to be a Queen?
Margaery Tyrell: No. I want to be the Queen.
Stannis Baratheon: What is it?
Davos Seaworth: I'm sorry about your brother, Your Grace. I wanted to let you know people grieve for him.
Stannis Baratheon: Fools love a fool. I grieve for him as well, for the boy he was, not the man he grew to be.
Arya Stark: [about Robb] They call him 'The Young Wolf'.
Tywin Lannister: And?
Arya Stark: They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. They say he can't be killed.
Tywin Lannister: And do you believe them?
Arya Stark: No, my lord. Anyone can be killed.
Brienne of Tarth: Once you're safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, My Lady?
Catelyn Stark: You mean to kill Stannis.
Brienne of Tarth: I swore a vow.
Catelyn Stark: But Stannis has a great army around him. His own guards are sworn to keep him safe.
Brienne of Tarth: I'm as good as any of them. I should never have fled.
Catelyn Stark: Renly's death was no fault of yours. You served him bravely.
Brienne of Tarth: I only held him that once as he was dying.
Catelyn Stark: He's gone, Brienne. You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth. Renly's enemies are Robb's enemies as well.
Brienne of Tarth: I do not know your son, My Lady, but I could serve you if you would have me. You have courage. Not battle courage perhaps, but, I don't know, a woman's kind of courage. And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back. Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis.
Catelyn Stark: When the time comes, I will not hold you back.
Brienne of Tarth: Then I am yours, My Lady. I will shield your back and will give my life for yours if it comes to that. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.
Catelyn Stark: I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table, and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the Old Gods and the New.