Joffrey Baratheon: [After barely escaping the angry mob] Traitors! I'll have all their heads!
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, you blind, bloody fool.
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't insult me!
Tyrion Lannister: We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king.
Joffrey Baratheon: Y-you can't...
Tyrion Lannister: I can, I am!
Joffrey Baratheon: They attacked me!
Tyrion Lannister: They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all? They're starving, you fool! All because of the war you started.
Joffrey Baratheon: YOU'RE TALKING TO A KING!!!
Tyrion Lannister: [slaps Joffrey] And now I've struck a king! Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?
Joffrey Baratheon: Let them have her!
Tyrion Lannister: If she dies, you'll never get your uncle Jaime back. You owe him quite a bit, you know.
[Theon and Dagmer barge in, waking Bran from his sleep.]
Theon Greyjoy: I've taken your castle!
Bran Stark: Theon?
Theon Greyjoy: It's Prince Theon now. Get up! You have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I took it. I'm occupying it. I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes.
Bran Stark: Why?
Theon Greyjoy: To take the castle.
Bran Stark: You went with Robb.
Theon Greyjoy: And he sent me back to Pyke. I'm a Greyjoy. I can't fight for Robb and my father both. Where's Hodor?
Bran Stark: I don't know.
Theon Greyjoy: [To Dagmer] Find the halfwit. My men are bringing your people into the courtyard.
Bran Stark: Why?
Theon Greyjoy: So you and I can go down and tell them how you've yielded Winterfell to me.
Bran Stark: I won't!
Theon Greyjoy: Yes you will.
[Bran hoists himself up.]
Bran Stark: I won't! I'll never yield. I'll fight you and throw you out.
Theon Greyjoy: The castle is mine but these people are still yours. You'll yield to keep them safe. To keep them alive. That's what a good lord would do. Think carefully about what you want to say.
Bran Stark: Theon. [Theon turns back to Bran.] Did you hate us the whole time?
Theon Greyjoy: Ser Rodrik! I sentence you to death!
Bran Stark: No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded!
Theon Greyjoy: The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut.
Maester Luwin: I urge you not to make a hasty decision.
Theon Greyjoy: He disrespected me in front of my men! That was his decision, not mine.
Maester Luwin: He's worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think on what you do.
Theon Greyjoy: You'll address me as Prince Theon, or you'll be next.
Dagmer Cleftjaw: Come!
[The Ironborn drag Rodrik across the courtyard to the block as the crowd protests.]
Bran Stark: No!
Rickon Stark: No!
Bran Stark: Theon! Please! Rodrik! Please stop, please!
Rodrik Cassel: He who passes the sentence should swing the sword!
Bran Stark: I'm begging you!
Rodrik Cassel: Coward!
[Theon pauses, then nods to the Ironborn, who force Rodrik to kneel; Theon motions Dagmer back and draws his sword]
Bran Stark: STOP! Stop right now!
Theon Greyjoy: You don't give commands anymore, little Lord.
Bran Stark: Please stop!
Rodrik Cassel: Hush now, child. I'm off to see your father.
Bran Stark: You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come to them, please!
Theon Greyjoy: Any last words, old man?
Rodrik Cassel: Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now, you are truly lost.
Bran Stark: Please don't! I'll do anything! Please!
Rickon Stark: No, please stop it!
[Theon swings his sword but it takes him three more strikes and a kick to finally behead Rodrik.]
Daenerys Targaryen: I am Daenerys Stormborn, of the blood of Old Valyria and I will take what is mine, with fire and blood!
[Robb Stark learns that Theon Greyjoy has betrayed him and seized Winterfell]
Robb Stark: This cannot be true.
Roose Bolton: We've had ravens from White Harbour, Barrowtown and the Dreadfort, my lord. I'm afraid it is true.
Robb Stark: Why? Why would Theon...
Roose Bolton: Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores.
Robb Stark: My brothers?
Roose Bolton: We've heard nothing of them...but Rodrik Cassell is dead.
Catelyn Stark: I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!
Robb Stark: I must go north at once.
Roose Bolton: There's still a war to win, Your Grace!
Robb Stark: How can I call myself 'King' if I can't hold my own castle? How can I ask men to follow me if...
Roose Bolton: You are a king! And that means you don't have to do everything yourself.
Catelyn Stark: Let me go and talk to Theon.
Robb Stark: There will be no talk, he will die for this!
Roose Bolton: Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard son at the Dreadfort; he can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run; if you march all the way back north now, you lose what you gained. My boy would be honoured to bring you Prince Theon's head.
Robb Stark: Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon...I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him why, and then I will take his head myself!