Jorah Mormont: I shouldn't have left you alone with these people.
Daenerys Targaryen: These people?
Jorah Mormont: They are not to be trusted.
Daenerys Targaryen: Who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one: my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it would have gotten him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse.
Jorah Mormont: Your people are in Westeros.
Daenerys Targaryen: The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive!
Jorah Mormont: They will soon enough.
Daenerys Targaryen: And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he's a fool.
Jorah Mormont: You are not your brother. Trust me, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: There it is: trust me. And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it.
Jorah Mormont: You are too young to be so...
Daenerys Targaryen: And you are too familiar!
Jorah Mormont: Forgive me, Khaleesi. No one can survive in this world without help. No one. Let me help you, please. Tell me how.
Daenerys Targaryen: Find my dragons.
Tywin Lannister: Wolfsbane, a rare substance. This is no common assassin.
Gregor Clegane: We hung twenty men last night.
Tywin Lannister: I don't care if you hanged a hundred. A man tried to kill me. I want his name, and I want his head.
Gregor Clegane: We think it was an infiltrator, from the Brotherhood Without Banners.
Tywin Lannister: A pretentious name for a band of outlaws. We can't allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity; we look like fools, and they look like heroes. That's how kings fall. I want them dead, every one.
Gregor Clegane: Killing them isn't the problem. It's finding them.
Tywin Lannister: You gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence. Burn the villages, burn the farms. Let them know what it means to choose the wrong side.
Tyrion Lannister: It's just you, me and Joffrey, the "Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm".
Cersei Lannister: I'm sure you'll make a point eventually.
Tyrion Lannister: He needs to start acting like a king! This war you started is coming to our doorstep and if the entire city wants Joffrey dead...
Cersei Lannister: I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse!
Tyrion Lannister: I thought the girls might help him.
Cersei Lannister: Did you?
Tyrion Lannister: I was wrong! If we can't control him...
Cersei Lannister: Do you think I haven't tried? He doesn't listen to me!
Tyrion Lannister: [nodding] It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.
Cersei Lannister: I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him, in a certain light.
Tyrion Lannister: The boy's more Robert than Jaime.
Cersei Lannister: Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes, I wonder...
Tyrion Lannister: What?
Cersei Lannister: If this is the price for what we've done. For our sins.
Tyrion Lannister: Sins? The Targaryens...
Cersei Lannister: Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. It's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the gods flip a coin."
Tyrion Lannister: You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them.
Jaime Lannister: Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe it's my last night in this world. [looks at Brienne] Is that a woman?
Catelyn Stark: Do you hear them out there? They want your head.
Jaime Lannister: Well, old Lord Karstark doesn't seem to like me.
Catelyn Stark: You strangled his son with your chains.
Jaime Lannister: Oh, oh. Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way. Any knight would have done the same.
Catelyn Stark: You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took.
Jaime Lannister: So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the King, obey the King, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the King? What if the King massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. Where did you find this beast?
Catelyn Stark: She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: Kingslayer. And what a king he was! Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the second of his name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back!
Catelyn Stark: You are a man without honor.
Jaime Lannister: Do you know I've never been with any woman but Cersei? So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of the bastard he fathered?
Catelyn Stark: Brienne.
Jaime Lannister: No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now when, when good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman.
Catelyn Stark: [to Brienne] Your sword.