Theon Greyjoy: You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men.
Yara Greyjoy: You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
Theon Greyjoy: I treated the Stark boys with honor and they repaid me with treachery.
Yara Greyjoy: You treated them with honor by butchering them?
Theon Greyjoy: Before I had to kill them, I treated them...
Yara Greyjoy: You seized their home, as is your right. We're Ironborn; we take what we need.
Theon Greyjoy: Exactly.
Yara Greyjoy: Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.
Theon Greyjoy: They made me a promise–
Yara Greyjoy: Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
Theon Greyjoy: Don't call me a–
Yara Greyjoy: A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?
Theon Greyjoy: If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.
Yara Greyjoy: You are weak. And you're stupid.
Davos Seaworth: I understand why the older families look down at me.
Stannis Baratheon: Do you? Why?
Davos Seaworth: My father was a crabber.
Stannis Baratheon: And?
Davos Seaworth: Sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers; our hands stink.
Stannis Baratheon: And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?!
Davos Seaworth: Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.
Stannis Baratheon: You defend these men who insult you behind your back.
Davos Seaworth: Some are happy to do it to my face.
Stannis Baratheon: We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes, the glorious rebels. Marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King while I held Storm's End with 500 men.
Davos Seaworth: No one's forgotten, your Grace.
Stannis Baratheon: No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life!
Davos Seaworth: He was only a boy.
Stannis Baratheon: Then why give him Storm's End? First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine. The horses, then the cats. I've never liked cats, so fine. I do like dogs, good animals, loyal, but we ate them too. Then the rats. The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines, slipped right through in your little black sail boat with your onions...
Davos Seaworth: And some potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.
Stannis Baratheon: Every man at Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.
Davos Seaworth: I was relieved they did not.
Stannis Baratheon: Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up because Robert was my older brother and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I am the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you will be my Hand.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, I pray I serve you well.
Stannis Baratheon: I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge.
Cersei Lannister: Do you think I'm an idiot?
Tyrion Lannister: I'd say you possess above average intelligence...
Cersei Lannister: You shipped off my only daughter. Now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die?
Tyrion Lannister: He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him, he has the finest armour gold can buy; he needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their King fighting beside them, instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts.
Cersei Lannister: Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
Tyrion Lannister: Because he has thousands of spies in his employ? Because he knows everything we do before we do it?
Cersei Lannister: Because he doesn't have a cock.
Tyrion Lannister: Neither do you.
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking for you.
Tyrion Lannister: It's not that little. [Cersei laughes humourlessly] Why are you laughing?
Cersei Lannister: Because I'm happy!
Tyrion Lannister: And why are you happy?
Cersei Lannister: Because I have your little whore.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought you preferred blondes.
Cersei Lannister: Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good, Father will be so pleased!
Tyrion Lannister: Why do you care who I fuck?
Cersei Lannister: Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed.
Tyrion Lannister: This is madness. Stannis will be here in days, you need me.
Cersei Lannister: For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body; the bruises will heal in time...
Tyrion Lannister: Where did you find her?
Cersei Lannister: Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.
Tyrion Lannister: You've forgotten the most important thing about whores...
Cersei Lannister: Oh? Well, you're the expert, tell me.
Tyrion Lannister: You don't buy them, you only rent them.
Cersei Lannister: You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much. Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough... unless Joffrey is hurt, and then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could advise a more painful death for your little cunt.
Tyrion Lannister: And how do I know you haven't killed her already?
Cersei Lannister: You'd like to see her? I thought you might. Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore.
[Two Kingsguard knights drag in a beaten Ros]
Tyrion Lannister: I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave. I promise, I will free you.
Ros: Don't forget me.
Tyrion Lannister: Never.
[the knights drag her out. Tyrion turns to face a grinning Cersei]
Tyrion Lannister: I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth... and you will know the debt is paid.
Cersei Lannister: Get out.
Joffrey Baratheon: You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.
Varys: No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, My Lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyojoy captured Winterfell.
Joffrey Baratheon: The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.
Tyrion Lannister: To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
Joffrey Baratheon: If my uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.
Tyrion Lannister: A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.
Joffrey Baratheon: They say Stannis never smiles. I'll give him a red smile, from ear to ear.
[He walks away]

Tyrion Lannister: Imagine Stannis's terror!
Varys: (deadpan) I am trying.
Tyrion Lannister: The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned. The Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
Varys: In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with sixteen teats.
Tyrion Lannister: We should sail there immediately.