Stannis Baratheon: You said you saw my victory in the flames.
Melisandre: I did. I still see it.
Stannis Baratheon: The flames lied. And I'm no better than a savage, trusting in a fire god! I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay. I led my men to the gates of the Seventh Hell as their brothers burned alive and for what? An attack from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells? If you see so much in your flames, why didn't you warn me?
Melisandre: The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses.
Stannis Baratheon: You claim to speak for a god!
Melisandre: Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?
Stannis Baratheon: You talk about war as if you understand it.
Melisandre: I've been fighting far longer than you.
Stannis Baratheon: Have you? Show me how you fight! [Stannis seizes Melisandre by the throat and starts throttling her] Show me! Where is your god now? Will he save you? Where is your god?!
Melisandre: Inside you.
Stannis Baratheon: I murdered my brother!
Melisandre: We murdered him. Share the weight with me.
Stannis Baratheon: He wasn't your brother.
Melisandre: This war has just begun. It will last for years. Thousands will die at your command. You will betray the men serving you, you will betray your family, you will betray everything you once held dear...and it will all be worth it, because you are the Son of Fire, you are the Warrior of Light. You will sweep aside this pretender and that one; you will be king.
Theon Greyjoy: I will kill that man. I don't care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall!
Maester Luwin: They want you to know you're surrounded.
Theon Greyjoy: I know I'm surrounded. I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded.
Maester Luwin: They don't want you to sleep. They want to sap your spirit before...
Theon Greyjoy: Thank you, wise bald man! Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me. [The horn blows again.] No word from my father?
Maester Luwin: No.
Theon Greyjoy: Send more ravens.
Maester Luwin: You killed all the ravens.
Theon Greyjoy: The first time I saw Winterfell...[Theon trails off as he hears the horn blow again.] The first time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years, and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead. I saw it and I thought, "Of course Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers. We never stood a chance against a man who lives here."
Maester Luwin: Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home.
Theon Greyjoy: Yes I know my captors were so very kind to me, you love reminding me of that! Everybody in this frozen pile of shit has loved reminding me of that. You know what it's like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father... [Theon begins to shed tears as the horn blows again.] I will kill that man! I swear to the Drowned God, the old gods, the new gods, TO EVERY FUCKING GOD IN EVERY FUCKING HEAVEN, I WILL KILL THAT MAN!
Maester Luwin: Theon, listen to me. I serve Winterfell. Now Winterfell is yours. I'm bound by oath to serve you.
Theon Greyjoy: And what's your counsel, trusted friend?
Maester Luwin: Run. Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls, you have 20 men. You can't win. Wait for nightfall and run.
Theon Greyjoy: There's nowhere to run. I'll never make it back to the Iron Islands. And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, I'll be a coward. The Greyjoy who ran. The shame of the family.
Maester Luwin: [In a gentle tone.] Don't go home. Join the Night's Watch. Once a man has taken the black, he is beyond reach of the law. All his past crimes are forgiven.
Theon Greyjoy: I won't make it to the wall. I won't make it ten feet past the Winterfell gates.
Maester Luwin: There are ways. Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape. The road will be dangerous. But with a little luck...The Night's Watch is an ancient, honorable order. You'll have opportunities there.
Theon Greyjoy: The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep!
Maester Luwin: The opportunity to make amends for what you've done.
Theon Greyjoy: I've done a lot, haven't I? Things I never imagined myself doing.
Maester Luwin: I've known you for many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you are pretending to be. Not yet.
Theon Greyjoy: You may be right. I've gone too far to pretend to be anything else.
[Bran, Rickon, Osha, and Hodor find a wounded Luwin amid the dead in the courtyard]
Bran Stark: Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers.
Rickon Stark: We'll make you better.
Maester Luwin: I feel just fine.
Bran Stark: They burned it down. They burned everything.
Maester Luwin: Not everything. Not you. But they may come back. You have to go. Put on your warmest clothes, pack as much food as you can carry, and go north.
Osha: North is the wrong way. Their mother and brother are south.
Maester Luwin: We don't know where. There are too many enemies in the south. Go to the wall, to Jon. He'll look after you and let your mother know you're safe.
Bran Stark: I don't want to leave you.
Maester Luwin: No more than I want to leave you. I pulled you into the world. Both of you. I've seen both your faces almost every day since, and for that I consider myself very, very lucky. Go now with Hodor. Go on. I'll be right here. [Bran and Rickon leave with Hodor.] Osha, you must protect them. You're the only one who can. You may have to protect them against your own kind.
Osha: I have no great love for my own kind. I'll get you milk of the poppy. Tell me where to find it.
Maester Luwin: I don't want milk of the poppy.
[Maester Luwin nods toward the dagger Osha is carrying]
Maester Luwin: Do it quickly.
[A horn sounds, Sam smiles.]
Samwell Tarly: It's Jon and the Halfhand, they're back!
[He is interrupted by a second horn blast.]
Grenn: Two blasts is Wildlings!
Dolorous Edd: You're not fighting them alone, come on!
[As they start to move towards the Fist, there is a third blast, and they freeze, horrified.]
Grenn: Three blasts.
Dolorous Edd: RUN!
Samwell Tarly: Wait! Wait for me! Grenn! Edd!