Tormund Giantsbane: I smell a Crow.
Lord of Bones: We killed his friends. Thought you'd want to question this one.
Tormund Giantsbane: What do we want with a baby Crow?
Ygritte: This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand.
Tormund Giantsbane: That halfhanded cunt killed friends of mine. Friends twice your size.
Jon Snow: My father taught me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts.
Tormund Giantsbane: Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart. And there's plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods. What's your name, boy?
Jon Snow: Jon Snow... Your Grace.
Tormund Giantsbane: "Your Grace?" Do you hear that? From now on, you'd better kneel every time I fart.
Bronn: I grow poor protecting you.
Tyrion Lannister: Poor? Under my patronage, you've become a knight, you've served as commander of the City Watch.
Bronn: Briefly.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm sure you've filled your pockets.
Bronn: And now, my pockets are empty. You've given me a taste for the finer things and if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll have to pay more.
Tyrion Lannister: I thought we were friends.
Bronn: We are but I'm a sellsword. I sell my sword, I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.
Tyrion Lannister: The badge looks good on you. Almost as good as it looked on me. Are you enjoying your new position?
Tywin Lannister: Am I enjoying it?
Tyrion Lannister: I was very happy as Hand of the King.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. I heard how happy you were. You brought a whore into my bed.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't your bed at the time.
Tywin Lannister: I sent you here to advise the king. I gave you real power and authority. You chose to spend your days as you always have: bedding harlots and drinking with thieves.
Tyrion Lannister: Occasionally I drank with the harlots.
Tywin Lannister: What do you want, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Why does everyone assume I want something? Can't I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield.
Tywin Lannister: Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal.
Tyrion Lannister: I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal. I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls. I bled in the mud for our family. And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell. But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.
Tywin Lannister: Jugglers and singers require applause. You are a Lannister. Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion. So tell me what you want.
Tyrion Lannister: I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles. But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.
Tywin Lannister: You want Casterly Rock?
Tyrion Lannister: It is mine by right.
Tywin Lannister: We'll find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay. And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy. And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife. And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock.
Tyrion Lannister: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning. Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine. And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my father's sigil and his father's before him. But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse. Go, now. Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock. Go. [Tyrion walks away] Oh, one more thing. The next whore I catch in your bed, I'll hang.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, you are the rightful king. Not only by blood. You're an honorable man, a just man. And there is still a war to fight.
Stannis Baratheon: I am fighting.
Davos Seaworth: By burning prisoners alive?
Melissandre: How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?
Davos Seaworth: I do not judge people for the gods they worship. If I did, I'd have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone.
Melissandre: I'm not your enemy.
Davos Seaworth: You are my enemy.
Melissandre: Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands. I could have saved those men. You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him. But I wasn't there because you convinced your king to leave me behind. Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them. Don't despair, Ser Davos. What I told your son is true. Death by fire is the purest death.
[Davos pulls out a knife and tries to stab Melissandre, but is restrained by the guards.
Davos Seaworth: This woman is evil! She's the mother of demons.
Stannis Baratheon: Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell.
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace!
Melissandre: You've chosen the darkness, Ser Davos.
Davos Seaworth: She will destroy us all!
Melissandre: I will pray for you.