Jaime Lannister: You know, it doesn't matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute. Trust me on this. People have been serving me since I was born. You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A week's journey with you and she'll order you to fall on your sword.
Brienne of Tarth: If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, I'm sure she'll let me know. She's an honest woman.
Jaime Lannister: For all the good it's done her. How did you come into Lady Stark's service? There's something we can talk about.
Brienne of Tarth: Not your concern, Kingslayer.
Jaime Lannister: It had to be recently. You weren't with her at Winterfell.
Brienne of Tarth: How would you know?
Jaime Lannister: Because I visited Winterfell. I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways.
Brienne of Tarth: Move.
Jaime Lannister: Were you pledged to Stannis?
Brienne of Tarth: Gods, no.
Jaime Lannister: Ah, Renly. Really? He wasn't fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal.
Brienne of Tarth: Shut your mouth.
Jaime Lannister: Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, don't forget. Could hardly escape the little tulip skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks. I knew him far better than you.
Brienne of Tarth: I knew him as well as anyone. As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything. He would have been a wonderful king.
Jaime Lannister: Sounds like you quite fancied him.
Brienne of Tarth: I did not fancy him.
Jaime Lannister: Oh, gods, you did. Did you ever tell him? No, of course not. You weren't Renly's type, I'm afraid. He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell. You're far too much man for him.
Brienne of Tarth: I'm not interested in foul rumors.
Jaime Lannister: Unless they're about me. It's all true about Renly. His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court. It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks. They'd have never got him off it.
Brienne of Tarth: Shut your mouth!
Jaime Lannister: I don't blame him. And I don't blame you, either. We don't get to choose who we love.
Margaery Tyrell: Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother... the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell.
Olenna Tyrell Kiss me, child. [Sansa does so] It's so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens. We're very sorry for your losses.
Sansa Stark: And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renly's death, Lady Margaery. He was very gallant.
Olenna Tyrell: Gallant, yes. And charming and very clean. He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king.
Margaery Tyrell: Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother. Father liked him and so did Loras.
Olenna Tyrell Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick. That does not make him wise. As to your fathead father--
Margaery Tyrell: Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?
Olenna Tyrell: She might think we have some wits about us. One of us, at any rate. It was treason. I warned them. Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother. How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me. But once the cow's been milked, there's no squirting the cream back up her udders. So here we are to see things through.
Olenna Tyrell: Are you frightened, child? No need for that. We're only women here. Tell us the truth. No harm will come to you.
Sansa Stark: My father always told the truth.
Olenna Tyrell: Yes, he had that reputation. And they named him traitor and took his head.
Sansa Stark: Joffrey. Joffrey did that. He promised he would be merciful and he cut my father's head off. And he said that was mercy. Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it.
Margaery Tyrell: Go on.
Sansa Stark: I.. I can't. I never meant... my father was a traitor. My brother as well. I have traitor's blood. Please don't make me say anymore.
Margaery Tyrell: She's terrified, Grandmother. Just look at her.
Olenna Tyrell: Speak freely, child. We would never betray your confidence, I swear it.
Sansa Stark: He's a monster.
Olenna Tyrell: Ah. That's a pity.
Sansa Stark: Please, don't stop the wedding.
Olenna Tyrell: Have no fear. The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen. Even so, we thank you for the truth. Ah, here comes my cheese.
Talisa Maegyr: May I help you, Lady Stark?
Catelyn Stark: No.
Talisa Maegyr: I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-
Catelyn Stark: You can't help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them. Only a mother can make them.
Talisa Maegyr: You've made them before?
Catelyn Stark: Twice.
Talisa Maegyr: Did they work?
Catelyn Stark: After a fashion. I prayed for my son Bran to survive his fall. Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live. But it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness, listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering.
Talisa Maegyr: Which boy?
Catelyn Stark: Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldn't bear to look at him, didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring at me. So I prayed to the gods "Take him away, make him die". He got the pox and I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother, a woman he didn't even know! So I prayed to all Seven Gods "Let the boy live. Let him live and I'll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us".
Talisa Maegyr: And he lived?
Catelyn Stark: And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then, all this horror that's come to my family...it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child.
Osha: Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
Meera Reed: Where's the shame in that?
Osha: Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting.
Meera Reed: Some people will always need help. That doesn't mean they're not worth helping.