Edmure Tully: If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing-
Brynden Tully: Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew." He is your king.
Edmure Tully: Robb knows I meant him no disr-
Brynden Tully: You're lucky I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag.
Edmure Tully: My blunder sent Tywin's mad dog scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. No, there's glory enough to go around.
Robb Stark: It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you.
Edmure Tully: I seized an opportunity.
Robb Stark: What value was the mill?
Edmure Tully: The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it.
Robb Stark: Is he there now?
Edmure Tully: Of course not. We took the fight to him. He could not withstand us.
Robb Stark: I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad dog without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill.
Edmure Tully: We took hostages. Willem Lannister. Martyn Lannister.
Robb Stark: Willem and Martyn Lannister are 14 years old.
Brynden Tully: Martyn is 15, I believe.
Robb Stark: Tywin Lannister has my sisters. Have I sued for peace?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his... [frowns as he tries to work it out in his head] Father's brother's great-grandsons?
Edmure Tully: No.
Robb Stark: How many men did you lose?
Edmure Tully: 208. But for every man we lost, the Lannisters--
Robb Stark: We need our men more than Tywin needs his!
Edmure Tully: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Robb Stark: You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient.
Brynden Tully: We seem to be running short of patience here.
Robb Stark: You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister.
Tywin Lannister: What news of Jaime? [All the others remain silent] Twenty thousand unwashed Northerners have known about his escape for weeks. Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined. Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion where he is?
Varys: We are trying, my lord.
Tywin Lannister: Try harder! What do we have then?
Varys: Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather, Lord Hoster Tully. In Stark's absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal, which would make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name-
Tywin Lannister: Let him have it. The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble. The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn.
Petyr Baelish: For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord. Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children; she has always been positively predisposed towards me.
Grand Maester Pycelle: A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish Acting Lord of the Vale.
Petyr Baelish: Titles do seem to breed titles.
Tywin Lannister: You'll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold, then the Young Wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who've taken up arms against him!
Tyrion Lannister: Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelish's absence would present certain problems. The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory. Summer had ended, hard days lie ahead, not a good time to leave the crown's finances unattended.
Tywin Lannister: Fully agreed, which is why I am naming you Master of Coin.
Tyrion Lannister: Master of Coin?!
Tywin Lannister: It would appear to be a position that best suits your talents.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me about managing it!
Cersei Lannister: I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Hear, hear!
Brynden Tully: After thirty years of fighting, I... I think he'd forgotten what started' it! He asked me to stop calling myself "Blackfish". Said it was an old joke, and it was never funny to begin with. I told him, "People have been calling me 'Blackfish' for so long, I don't remember my real name!"
Catelyn Stark: Every time he left for the Capitol, or to fight in a campaign, I'd see him off. "Wait for me, Little Cat" he'd say, "Wait for me and I'll come back to you." And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting. I wonder how many times did Bran and Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell, waiting for me to return?! I will never see them again!
Brynden Tully: You musn't think it. We don't know it. They could be in hiding. Robb believes they're alive. And, he must go on believing. He's got to remain strong if he's going to prevail, and you must remain strong for him.
Barristan Selmy: When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because they'd been bought at a slaver's auction. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, your Grace. I bled beside him.
Jorah Mormont: Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly...and Rhaegar died.
Daenerys Targaryen: Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: I did, your Grace. The finest man I ever met.
Daenerys Targaryen: I wish I had known him...but he was not the last dragon.
Locke: You think you're the smartest man there is. Everyone alive has to bow to lick and scrape your boots.
Jaime Lannister: My father...
Locke: You get in any trouble, all you got to do is say "My father" and that's it. All your troubles are gone. Have you got something to say? You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. Never forget that.
[Locke rises, but then stops]
Locke: Here, this should help you remember!
[He swings the blade down, cleaving off Jaime's hand, and Jaime screams in horror and agony]