Varys: Before all this nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut. Do you want to hear it still?
Tyrion Lannister: I don't know. Do I?
Varys: As a boy, in Myr, I traveled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities. One day, a man approached my master with an offer too tempting to refuse. I feared the man meant to use me, as I'd heard some men use small boys, but what he wanted was far worse. He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses. With a hooked blade, he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while. He burned my parts on a brazier; the flames burned blue, and I heard a voice answer his call. Still dream of that night. Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade...I dream of the voice. Was it a god? A demon? Some conjurer's trick? I don't know,but the sorcerer called and a voice answered. And ever since that day, I have hated magic, and all who practice it. But, you can see why I was eager to aid in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess, a symbolic revenge, of sorts.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, I feel the need for actual revenge. Against the actual person who tried to have me killed, which will require a certain degree of influence, which...
Varys: You do not possess at the moment. But influence is largely a matter of patience, I find. Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose, he threw me out of his house, to die. I resolved to live, to spite him. I begged, I sold what parts of my body remained to me, I became an excellent thief. And soon, learned that the contents of a man's letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse. Step by step, one distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr to the Small Council Chamber. Influence grows, like a weed. I tended mine, patiently, until its tendrils reached from the Red Keep, all the way across to the far side of the world where I managed to wrap them around something very special.
[He pulls the crate lid open; Tyrion looks inside with him to find a ragged old man, bound and gagged.]
Tyrion Lannister: The sorcerer.
Varys: Hello, my old friend. It's been a long time. I have no doubt, the revenge you want will be yours in time if you have the stomach for it.
[He closes the crate on the sorcerer, who is screaming through the gag]
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to speak to me?
Cersei Lannister: Yes, about Jaime.
Tywin Lannister: What about him?
Cersei Lannister: I wanted to make sure we're doing whatever we can to get him back.
Tywin Lannister: When Catelyn Stark took Tyrion prisoner, what did I do in response?
Cersei Lannister: You started a war.
Tywin Lannister: And, if I started a war for that lecherous little stump, what do you think I am doing for my eldest son, and heir?
Cersei Lannister: Whatever you can.
Tywin Lannister: Whatever I can.
[He puts a seal on the letter, pushes it aside, and starts working on another letter.]
Tywin Lannister: You're still here.
Cersei Lannister: Yes.
Tywin Lannister: Why?
Cersei Lannister: Did it ever occur to you that I might be the one who deserves your confidence and your trust, not your sons? Not Jaime or Tyrion, but me? Years and years of lectures on family and legacy, same lecture, really, just with tiny, tedious variations. Did it ever occur to you that your daughter might be the only one listening to them, living by them? That she might have the most to contribute to your legacy that you love so much more than your actual children?
[Tywin finishes his letter, and looks over his daughter with his hands folded.]
Tywin Lannister: All right. Contribute.
Cersei Lannister: The Tyrells are a problem.
Tywin Lannister: The Tyrells helped us defeat Stannis Baratheon. The Tyrells helped save your life, and your children's lives.
Cersei Lannister: Margaery has her claws into Joffrey. She knows how to manipulate him.
Tywin Lannister: Good. I wish you knew how to manipulate him. I don't distrust you because you're a woman. I distrust you because you're not as smart as you think you are. You've allowed that boy to ride roughshod over you, and everyone else in this city.
Cersei Lannister: Perhaps you should try stopping him from doing what he likes.
Tywin Lannister: I will.
Craster: You have one son, don't you, Mormont? I had my 99th. You ever meet a man with 99 sons?
[Mormont shakes his head indifferently.]
Craster: And more daughters than I can count.
Jeor Mormont: I'm glad for you.
Craster: Are you now? Me, I'll be glad when you and yours have gone.
Jeor Mormont: As soon as our wounded are strong enough.
Craster: Ah. They're as strong as they're gonna get. Them that's dying, why don't you cut their throats and be done with it? Or leave them if you've not the stomach, and I'll sort them myself.
Karl Tanner: Whose throat you gonna cut, old man?
Jeor Mormont: Wait outside.
Karl Tanner: It's cold outside, and there's nothing to eat.
Craster: My wives gave you bread.
Karl Tanner: There's sawdust in the bread.
Craster: You don't like it, you go out there and eat the snow.
Karl Tanner: I'd rather eat what you've got hidden away.
Jeor Mormont: I told you to wait outside.
Rast: He's sitting there, drinking our wine, eating his fill while we die!
Craster: I gave you crows enough. I've got to feed my women!
Rast: So you admit you've got a hidden larder, then? How else'd you make it through winter?
Jeor Mormont: Enough! Out!
Craster: I am a godly man!
Rast: You're a stingy bastard!
Craster: Bastard? [Craster takes an axe off the wall] Out with you, you little thief! [To Karl] And you! [To Eddison Tollett] And you! [Craster looks threateningly at everyone] Go sleep in the cold on empty bellies! I'll chop the hands off the next man who calls me bastard!
[There is a tense silence. Mormont starts to push Rast out]
Karl Tanner: You are a bastard. A daughter-fucking, wildling bastard.
[Craster charges at Karl, but Karl shoves his dagger through Craster's jaw]
Jeor Mormont: The gods will curse us for this! By all the laws...
Karl Tanner: There are no laws beyond the Wall!
[Karl grabs the woman he struck and puts his dagger at her throat.]
Karl Tanner: Now show us where he hides the food, or you'll get the same as he did!
Jeor Mormont: [draws his sword] Unhand her!
[Karl lets go of the woman and faces Mormont with his dagger]
Jeor Mormont: I shall have your head for this...!
[Rast stabs Mormont in the back. A large brawl breaks out, in which Mormint is killed]
Samwell Tarly: [to Gilly] Quickly. Quickly.
Gilly: What's happening? I'm not going out there.
Samwell Tarly: No, we have to go. Now!
[The baby cries. Gilly picks him. They go outside.]
Gilly: Follow me. I know the best way. Come on.
[Rast shouts after Sam.]
Rast: Run fast, Piggy, and sleep well! I'll be cutting your throat one of these nights!