Robb Stark: It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?
Rickard Karstark: Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance.
Robb Stark: Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield, and Torrhen...
Rickard Karstark: Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin.
Robb Stark: THEY WERE BOYS! Look at them.
Rickard Karstark: Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I.
Robb Stark: My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason.
Rickard Karstark: It's treason to free your enemies! In war, you kill your enemies! Did your father not teach you that, boy?!
[Brynden Tully punches Karstark in the face]
Robb Stark: Leave him.
Rickard Karstark: Aye. Leave me to the king. He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason. Our King in the North. Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?
Robb Stark: Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon. Hang the rest.
Karstark soldier: Mercy, sire! I didn't kill anyone, I only watched for the guards.
Robb Stark: This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.
Karstark soldier: Please! Please don't, they made me do it! They made me! They made me...!
[The prisoners are dragged out; Robb sits at his desk, contemplating what to do about Karstark.]
Edmure Tully: Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews; the Lannisters pay their debts - they never stop talking about that.
Robb Stark: Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?
Edmure Tully: It wouldn't be lying. We'll bury them and remain silent until the war is done.
Robb Stark: I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how highborn! He has to die.
Catelyn Stark: The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their Lord.
Talisa Maegyr: Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you.
Robb Stark: You tended to their wounds, you brought them supper. Now they're dead.
Talisa Maegyr: And more boys will keep dying until this war is over! You need Karstark men to end it!
Catelyn Stark: Spare his life, keep him as a hostage.
Edmure Tully: A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed.
Rickard Karstark: The blood of the First Men flows in my veins as much as yours, boy. I fought the Mad King for your father. I fought Joffrey for you. We are kin, Stark and Karstark.
Robb Stark: That didn't stop you from betraying me, and it won't save you now.
Rickard Karstark: I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days!
Robb Stark: Kneel, my Lord.
[Karstark kneels across a stone hedgerow, and calmly awaits his execution.]
Robb Stark: Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of Gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?
Rickard Karstark: Kill me and be cursed! You are no King of mine!
[Robb angrily beheads Lord Karstark with a single blow.]
[Robb surveys his map, which displays the Stark forces nearly encircled by the Greyjoy and Tyrell/Lannister forces.]
Talisa Maegyr: Come to bed.
Robb Stark: You were right. the Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces. Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do, to make us unravel. Nothing. Only wait.
Talisa Maegyr: Don't let him.
Robb Stark: What can I do? Attack King's Landing? There's nothing he'd like better. He'd crush us in a day.
Talisa Maegyr: You could ride North, take your lands back from the Greyjoys. Wait out the winter.
Robb Stark: Winter could last five years. Once my bannermen are home again, sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe, they'll never ride south again. When I gathered my Lords together, we had a purpose, a mission. Now, we're like a band of bickering children!
Talisa Maegyr: Give them a new purpose.
Robb Stark: What?
Talisa Maegyr: I don't know.
Jaime Lannister: If I faint, pull me out. I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub.
Brienne of Tarth: Why should I care how you die?
Jaime Lannister: You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. [Nods to his severed hand] Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him. [Brienne stands up with contempt] That was unworthy. Forgive me. You protected me better than most.
Brienne of Tarth: Don't you mock me.
Jaime Lannister: I'm apologizing. I'm sick of fighting. Let's call a truce.
Brienne of Tarth: You need trust to have a truce.
Jaime Lannister: I trust you. [Brienne sits back down] There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for 17 years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer, Oathbreaker, man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?
Brienne of Tarth: Of course.
Jaime Lannister: The Mad King was obsessed with it. He loved to watch people burn, the way their skin blackened and blistered and melted off their bones. He burned lords he didn't like. He burned Hands who disobeyed him. He burned anyone who was against him. Before long, half the country was against him. Aerys saw traitors everywhere. So he had his pyromancer place caches of wildfire all over the city. Beneath the Sept of Baelor and the slums of Flea Bottom. Under houses, stables, taverns. Even beneath the Red Keep itself. Finally, the day of reckoning came. Robert Baratheon marched on the capital after his victory at the Trident. But my father arrived first with the whole Lannister army at his back, promising to defend the city against the rebels. I knew my father better than that. He's never been one to pick the losing side. I told the Mad King as much. I urged him to surrender peacefully. But the king didn't listen to me. He didn't listen to Varys who tried to warn him. But he did listen to Grand Maester Pycelle, that grey, sunken cunt. "You can trust the Lannisters," he said. "The Lannisters have always been true friends of the crown." So we opened the gates and my father sacked the city. Once again, I came to the king, begging him to surrender. He told me to... bring him my father's head. Then he... turned to his pyromancer. "Burn them all," he said. "Burn them in their homes. Burn them in their beds." Tell me, if your precious Renly commanded you to kill your own father and stand by while thousands of men, women, and children burned alive, would you have done it? Would you have kept your oath then? [Brienne stares at him in stunned silence.] First, I killed the pyromancer. And then when the king turned to flee, I drove my sword into his back. "Burn them all," he kept saying. "Burn them all." I don't think he expected to die. He, he meant to... burn with the rest of us and rise again, reborn as a dragon to turn his enemies to ash. I slit his throat to make sure that didn't happen. That's where Ned Stark found me.
Brienne of Tarth: If this is true... why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark?
Jaime Lannister: Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right-- [collapses, Brienne supports him]
Brienne of Tarth: Help! Help! The Kingslayer!
Jaime Lannister: Jaime. My name is Jaime.
Tywin Lannister: You're late.
Tyrion Lannister: What's she doing here?
Tywin Lannister: Our business concerns her as well. Sit.
Tyrion Lannister: You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the Crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.
Tywin Lannister: Never mind that now. We have something important to discuss.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm Master of Coin, saving money is important. [To Cersei, who is smiling at him.] Stop that. You're making me uncomfortable.
Tywin Lannister: Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Sir Loras.
Tyrion Lannister: Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras's favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.
Tywin Lannister: Your jokes are not appreciated.
Tyrion Lannister: It wasn't my best, but..
Tywin Lannister: I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.
Tywin Lannister: The Karstarks have marched home. The Young Wolf has lost half his army. His days are numbered. Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers. That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell. And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells.
Tyrion Lannister: The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?
Tywin Lannister: There's nothing to refuse. This is a plot. Plots are not public knowledge. And the Tyrells won't carry this one out until after Joffrey's wedding. We need to act first and kill this union in its crib.
Tyrion Lannister: And how do we do that?
Tywin Lannister: We find Sansa Stark a different husband.
Tyrion Lannister: Wonderful.
Cersei Lanniser: Yes, it is.
[Tyion stares at his sister and then turns to his father, who nods.]
Tyrion Lannister: You can't mean it.
Tywin Lannister: I can and I do.
Tyrion Lannister: Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you give her to me? That's cruel, even for you.
Tywin Lannister: Do you intend on mistreating her? The girl's happiness is not my concern, nor should it be yours.
Tyrion Lannister: She's a child!
Cersei Lannister: She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length.
Tywin Lannister: There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her. Surely you're capable of that.
Tyrion Lannister: And if I refuse?
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed.
Tyrion Lannister: I was wed! Or don't you remember?
Tywin Lannister: Only too well.
Cersei Lannister: You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve.
Tywin Lannister: Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you.
Cersei Lannister: What do you mean?
Tywin Lannister: You'll marry Ser Loras.
Cersee Lannister: I will not.
Tywin Lannister: The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach.
Cersei Lannnister: No, I won't do it.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed.
Cersei Lannister: I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare!
Tywin Lannister: YOU'RE MY DAUGHTER! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all.
Cersei Lannnister: Father, don't make me do it again, please.
Tywin Lannister: Not another word. My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long.