Roose Bolton: [as Brienne and Jaime dine with him] I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear.
Brienne of Tarth: Yes, most kind of the. You're a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton. I'm acting on Lady Stark's orders to return Jaime Lannister to King's Landing.
Roose Bolton: When King Robb left Harrenhall, his mother was his prisoner. If she wasn't his mother, he'd have hanged her for treason. I should send you back to Robb Stark.
Jaime Lannister: You should. But instead, you're sitting here, watching me fail at dinner. Why might that be?
Roose Bolton: Wars cost money. Many people would pay a great deal for you.
Jaime Lannister: We both know who would pay the most. He'll make you pay the most, if he found out you'd captured me and sent me back up North for a summary execution.
Roose Bolton: You're right. Perhaps, the safest course is to kill you both and burn your bodies.
Jaime Lannister: It would be, if you honestly believe my father would never find out about it.
Roose Bolton: King Robb is keeping your father quite busy. He doesn't have time for anything else.
Jaime Lannister: He'll make time for you.
Roose Bolton: As soon as you're well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to King's Landing as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made. And you will swear to tell your father the truth. That I had nothing to do with your maiming.
Jaime Lannister: Shall we drink on it?
Roose Bolton: I don't partake.
Jaime Lannister: You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people? Very well. My lady, may our journey continue without further incident.
Roose Bolton: Oh, she won't be going with you.
Brienne of Tarth: I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to-
Roose Bolton: You are charged with abetting treason.
Jaime Lannister: I'm afraid I must insist...
Roose Bolton: You're in no place to insist on anything. I would've hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your...position.
Olenna Tyrell: [about the prospect of Loras marrying Cersei] Impossible
Tywin Lannister: Why?
Olenna Tyrell: My grandson is the pride of Highgarden, the most desirable bachelor in the whole Seven Kingdoms! Your daughter...
Tywin Lannister: Is rich, the most beautiful woman in the whole Seven Kingdoms, and the mother of the king.
Olenna Tyrell: Old.
Tywin Lannister: Old?
Olenna Tyrell: Old. I'm something of an expert on the subject. Her change will be upon her before long. I'll spare you the details of what will happen then. You men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely.
Tywin Lannister: Oh, the years punish us as well, I promise you that. My stomach remains quite strong, however. The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandson's... nocturnal activities. Do you deny them?
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, not at all! A sword-swallower, through and through.
Tywin Lannister: Well, a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the Seven Kingdoms, and remove the stain from his name.
Olenna Tyrell: Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your father's bannermen, squires, stableboys?
Tywin Lannister: Of course...
Olenna Tyrell: And you... never...
Tywin Lannister: No.
Olenna Tyrell: Not once? Not in any way?
Tywin Lannister: Never.
Olenna Tyrell: I congratulate you on your restraint! But, it's a natural enough thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets.
Tywin Lannister: Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior.
Olenna Tyrell: I wouldn't say that. True, we don't tie ourselves into knots over a discreet bit of buggery, but... brothers and sisters... where I come from, that stain would be very difficult to wash out.
Tywin Lannister: I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it. )
Olenna Tyrell: Lie or not, you must admit that many people find it quite convincing. Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells, thanks to our new affiliation.
Tywin Lannister: I don't care what people believe, and neither do you.
Olenna Tyrell: As an authority on myself, I must disagree!
Tywin Lannister: Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no King at all and House Tyrell is throwing it's prize flower into the dirt.
Olenna Tyrell: And if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, we are throwing another "prize flower" into the dirt. It is a chance we simply cannot take!
Tywin Lannister: The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable? All right, I'll remove it for you. If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard. And, I'm sure you're familiar with the Kingsguard's vows. He will never marry, he will never have children, the Tyrell name will fade and Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery.
Olenna Tyrell: You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?
Tywin Lannister: I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior who takes his vows seriously. So shall I draw up the order or do you consent to this match?
Olenna Tyrell: It's a rare enough thing- a man who lives up to his reputation. [plucks the quill from Tywin's fingers and snaps it in half]
Jon Snow: [about The Wall] Have you ever climbed it before?
Ygritte: No, but Tormund's done it half a hundred times. You're afraid.
Jon Snow: Aren't you?
Ygritte: Aye. Well, it's a long way up, and a long way down, but... I've waited my whole life to see the world from up there. [she pulls out a set of climbing spikes] Here, sit down, brought a pair for you. They're too big for you, but they're good.
Jon Snow: You kill someone for them?
Ygritte: Nah. I didn't kill him, but I bet his balls are still bruised. He wasn't good to me, the way you're good to me. And he didn't do that thing you do with your tongue.
Jon Snow: Hey, can we not talk about that here?
Ygritte: "Can we not talk about that here? I'm Jon Snow. I've killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but I'm scared of naked girls!"
Jon Snow: Did I seem scared the other day?
Ygritte: [laughs] Oh, you were tremblin' like a leaf.
Jon Snow: Only in the beginning.
Ygritte: Only in the beginning. You're a proper lover, Jon Snow. And, don't worry, your secret's safe with me.
Jon Snow: What secret?
Ygritte: D'you think I'm as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? You're loyal, and you're brave...You didn't stop being a Crow, the day you walked into Mance Rayder's tent. But I'm your woman now, Jon Snow. You're goin' to be loyal to your woman. The Night's Watch don't care if you live or die. Mance Rayder don't care if I live or die. We're just soldiers in their armies, and there's plenty more to carry on if we go down. But it's you and me that matters. Me and you. Don't ever betray me.
Jon Snow: I won't.
Ygritte: Because, I'll cut your pretty cock right off and wear it 'round me neck.
Tormund Giantsbane: [walks up] Sink your metal deep and make sure it holds, before taking your next step. And, if you fall, don't scream. You don't want that to be the last thing she remembers, eh?
[Ramsay blows on a trumpet, awakening Theon, who is hanging from a rack]
Ramsay Snow: Sorry. Were you sleeping?
Theon Greyjoy: Wa...
Ramsay Snow: Wa? Wa? Water! You want some water. [Ramsay grabs a cup of water] I wish I had some for you. [Ramsay pours the water on the ground in front of an anguished Theon.] So let's play a game. Which body part do you need the least?
Theon Greyjoy: Please...
Ramsay Snow: Please is not a body part.
Theon Greyjoy: I'll tell you everything, please...
Ramsay Snow: But you already told me everything, remember? Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you. One good bit, though: the Stark boys, they're still alive. Wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you. Now, how about your little finger? You don't need that for much, do you? No? Good. Let's start with that. You've been wondering why you're here, haven't you? Where you are, who I am, why I'm doing this to you. So guess. If you guess right, I'll tell you. By the Old Gods and the New, I swear it. You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why I'm torturing you, and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger!
Theon Greyjoy: If I win, you'll let me go?
Ramsay Snow: If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.
Theon Greyjoy: Please...
Ramsay Snow: [pulling out a knife] You say please again and you'll wish you hadn't. You first. Where are we?
Theon Greyjoy: The North.
Ramsay Snow: Too vague.
Theon Greyjoy: Deepwood Motte.
Ramsay Snow: Terrible guess!
[Ramsay jams the knife in Theon's little finger. Theon groans in pain]
Ramsay Snow: Now where?
Theon Greyjoy: Last Hearth.
Ramsay Snow: Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?
[Ramsay moves the blade around]
Theon Greyjoy: Aaaah, the Karhold!
Ramsay Snow: Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?
Theon Greyjoy: No, it was just a guess.
Ramsay Snow: Very good, Lord Theon. And who am I?
Theon Greyjoy: Torrhen Karstark.
Ramsay Snow: He's dead. Strangled by the Kingslayer.
Theon Greyjoy: He was your brother. Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark. [A defeated Ramsay sits back down] You swore to tell me if I-!
Ramsay Snow: You're right.
Theon Greyjoy: Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Stark's bannerman. I betrayed Robb. That's why you're torturing me.
Ramsay Snow: Yes. You win. [pause] Of course you forgot to ask one question. You forgot to ask if I'm a liar! [he sticks his knife back into Theon's little finger, causing Theon to scream in agony] I'm afraid I am. [hebegins carving Theon's skin on his little finger] Everything I told you is a lie. [he begins to peel off Theon's little finger skin. Theon screams in absolute pain] This isn't happening to you for a reason. Well, one reason: I enjoy it.
Theon Greyjoy: PLEASE CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, CUT IT OFF, AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
Ramsay Snow: I win.
Varys: [about the Iron Throne] A thousand blades. Taken from the hands of Aegon's fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread.
Petyr Baelish: There aren't a thousand blades. There aren't even two hundred. I've counted.
Varys: Heh. I'm sure you have. Ugly old thing.
Petyr Baelish: Yet it has a certain... appeal.
Varys: The Lysa Arryn of chairs. Shame that you had to settle for your second choice.
Petyr Baelish: Early days, my friend. It is flattering, really, you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want.
Varys: Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you... although who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then.
Petyr Baelish: You're so right. For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells... if, I'm going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakable sense of... enjoyment there. But your confidante, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didn't bring her any enjoyment. And she didn't bring me any enjoyment. She was a bad investment on my part. Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new. Something daring. And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience.
Varys: I did what I did for the good of the realm.
Petyr Baelish: The realm. Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies, a story we agreed to tell each other over and over 'till we forget that it's a lie.
Varys: But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos. A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.
Petyr Baelish: Chaos... isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. And some, who are given the chance to climb, they refuse. They cling to the realm. Or the gods. Or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.