Ygritte: How far are we?
Jon Snow: 'Bout a week, I think.
Ygritte: You think? You don't know?
Jon Snow: When we went to Castle Black, we took the Kingsroad.
Ygritte: You and your roads. Is that how you lot do your fighting? You march down a road, banging drums and waving banners?
Jon Snow: Most of the time, yes.
Ygritte: How do the men holding the banners fight?
Jon Snow: They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry a house sigil.
Ygritte: And the drummers? Is that a great honor too?
Jon Snow: Usually, it's the young boys bangin' the drums.
Ygritte: What good are they?
Jon Snow: They help the men march.
Ygritte: How?
Jon Snow: Well, it's, it's the rhythm.
Ygritte: [laughing] What, you mean, right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot? What, you need help remembering that? When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we won't be banging on drums to let 'em know we're coming.
Jon Snow: No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen, to let them know you're coming.
Ygritte: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Missandei: Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace. Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: You may approach. Sit.
Missandei: Will the noble lord take refreshment? [Razdahl nods and takes an offered cup of wine]
Razdal: Ancient and glorious is Yunkai. Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria. Many an army has broken against our walls. You shall find no easy conquest here, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early.
Razdal: If blood is your desire, blood shall flow. But why? 'Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor. But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen. [slaves bring in two chests of gold] There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship.
Daenerys Targaryen: My ship?
Razdal: Yes, khaleesi. As I said, we are a generous people. You shall have as many ships as you require.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what do you ask in return?
Razdal: All we ask is that you make use of these ships. Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace.
Daenerys Targaryen: I have a gift for you as well. Your life.
Razdal: My life?
Daenerys Targaryen: And the lives of your Wise Masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy.
Razdal: You are mad. We are not Astapor or Qarth. We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends. Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you. Those who survive, we shall enslave once more. Perhaps we'll make a slave of you as well. [One of Daenerys' dragons screeches] You swore me safe conduct.
Daenerys Targaryen: I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother.
Razdal: [to his slaves] Take the gold.
[Daenerys' dragons screech and the slaves back away]
Daenerys Targaryen: My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out. [Razdal leaves]
Barristan Selmy: The Yunkish are a proud people. They will not bend.
Daenerys Targaryen: And what happens to things that don't bend?
Osha: [about Jojen] What's he goin' on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat, while we do all the work?
Hodor: Hodor.
Jojen Reed: That's where we are...
Osha: What are you tellin' him?
Bran Stark: It's all right, Osha.
Osha: It's not all right. You think I can't hear you every day? Filling his head with black magic? Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse?
Meera Reed: Leave him alone.
Osha: He can speak for himself.
Jojen Reed: I don't fill his head with anything.
Osha: So what d'you talk about?
Jojen Reed: What's happening to him, and...what that means.
Osha: Go on, then. Tell us what it means.
Jojen Reed: It's not like that. I wish that I could tell him all the answers; it would be much easier.
Osha: I don't want you talking to him anymore, until we get to your brother at Castle Black.
Jojen Reed: We're not going to Castle Black.
Osha: What did you say?
Jojen Reed: I told you already. Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the Raven, beyond the Wall.
Osha: Oh, no. I'm not going back there! Your brother is at Castle Black. That's where we're going! Look at me.
Bran Stark: The raven's been coming to me, ever since I fell from that tower. He wants me to find him. I don't have my legs anymore! This is what I have, now.
Osha: You have a family. You need to go back to Castle Black, so you can get back to them, where you belong.
Bran Stark: What if I belong in the North? What if...I fell from that tower for a reason?
Osha: [glares at Jojen] Is that what he's telling you? That it's all for a reason? All these bad things happened, because the Gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little Lord, but the Gods wouldn't spare a raven's cold shit for you, or me, or anyone.
Bran Stark: You don't understand. You don't know.
Osha: You don't know! None of you know. None of you have been up there! I had a man, once; a good man. Bruni, his name was. I was his, and he was mine. But one night, Bruni disappears. People said he left me, but I knew him. He'd never leave me. Not for long. I knew he'd come back. And he did. He came in through the back of the hut. Only, he wasn't Bruni, not really. His skin was... pale, like a dead man's. His eyes, bluer than clear sky. He came at me, grabbed me by the neck, and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me. I don't know how I got the knife, but when I did, I stuck it deep into his heart. And he hardly seemed to notice. I had to burn our hut down, with him inside. I didn't ask the Gods what it meant. I didn't need to. It meant the North was no place for men to be, not anymore. I promised your Maester I'd get you to Castle Black, and no further.
Tywin Lannister: Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Grandfather.
Tywin Lannister: You wanted to speak to me?
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes! I'd like a report on the meetings of my Small Council.
Tywin Lannister: You're welcome to attend the meetings of your Small Council, Your Grace, any or all of them.
Joffrey Baratheon: I've been very busy, many important matters require a King's attention!
Tywin Lannister: Of course.
Joffrey Baratheon: You've been holding the Small Council meetings in the Tower of the Hand, instead of the Small Council Chamber.
Tywin Lannister: I have, yes.
Joffrey Baratheon: May I ask why?
Tywin Lannister: The Tower of the Hand is where I work. To walk from there to here would take time - time I could otherwise spend productively.
Joffrey Baratheon: So, if I wanted to attend one of my Small Council meetings, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand? [Tywin slowly walks up to the Iron Throne, unsettling Joffrey]
Tywin Lannister: ...We could arrange to have you carried.
Joffrey Baratheon: Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the East, and her dragons.
Tywin Lannister: Where did you hear about this?
Joffrey Baratheon: Is it true?
Tywin Lannister: Apparently so.
Joffrey Baratheon: Don't you think we ought to do something about it?
Tywin Lannister: When I was Hand of the King under your father's predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room - and the skull of the last of them was right here. It was the size of an apple.
Joffrey Baratheon: And the biggest was the size of a carriage!
Tywin Lannister: Yes and the creature to whom it belonged died three hundred years ago! Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us.
Joffrey Baratheon: But how do we know these dragons are...curiosities, and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?
Tywin Lannister: Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the Realm, by counseling the King, on matters about which he knows nothing.
Joffrey Baratheon: But I haven't been counseled!
Tywin Lannister: You are being counseled at this very moment.
Joffrey Baratheon: I should be consulted about such things.
Tywin Lannister: From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters...whenever necessary. [starts to walk away, then turns back and bows his head] Your Grace.
Locke: [watching Brienne in a gladiator pit, facing a bear] Well, this is one shameful fucking performance. Stop running and fight! :[Jaime appears, followed by Qyburn and a Bolton bodyguard, Steelshanks]
Jaime Lannister: A wooden sword?
Locke: Thought you'd gone.
Jaime Lannister: You gave her a wooden sword!
Locke: I've only got one bear.
Jaime Lannister: I'll pay her bloody ransom. Gold, sapphires, whatever you want. Just get her out of there!
Locke: All you Lords and Ladies. You still think that the only thing that matters is gold. [grabs the stump of Jaime's wrist] Well, this makes me happier than all your gold ever could. And that [points at Brienne's predicament] makes me happier than all her sapphires. So go buy yourself a golden hand and fuck yourself with it!
[Jaime climbs the rail and leaps into the pit, trying to draw the bear off Brienne]
Jaime Lannister: Get behind me.
Brienne of Tarth: I will not.
[Suddenly, a crossbow bolt hits the bear in the shoulder, fired by Steelshanks]
Locke: The'FUCK you doin' to my bear?
Steelshanks: Lord Bolton charged me with bringin' him back to King's Landing, alive! An' that's what I intend to do!
Jaime Lannister: Pull her up! [two of the Bolton men do so; the bear starts to advance on Jaime]
Brienne of Tarth: Hold my legs! [Jaime manages to take Brienne's hand] Pull me back! [the Bolton bannermen pull them both up]
Locke: The bitch stays.
Jaime Lannister: I'm taking her to King's Landing, unless you kill me.
Locke: She belongs to me. Lord Bolton's orders.
Jaime Lannister: What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton? Getting his pet rat a reward or ensuring that Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive? Well, we must be on our way. Sorry about the sapphires.