Barristan Selmy: Your Grace, allow me to present the Captains of the Second Sons: Mero of Braavos, Prendahl Na Ghezn, and...
Daario Naharis: Daario Naharis.
Mero: You're the mother of Dragons? I swear I fucked you once, in a pleasure house in Lys.
Jorah Mormont: Mind your tongue.
Mero: Why? I didn't mind hers. She licked my ass like she was born to do it. [grins at her, then gestures to Missandei] You, slave girl. Bring wine.
Daenerys Targaryen: We have no slaves here.
Mero: You'll all be slaves after the battle, unless I save you. Take your clothes off, and come and sit on Mero's lap, and I may give you my Second Sons.
Daenerys Targaryen: Give me your Second Sons, and I may not have you gelded. Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?
Barristan Selmy: Under two thousand, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: We have more, don't we?
Barristan Selmy: Ten thousand Unsullied.
Daenerys Targaryen: I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned Captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us?
Daario Naharis: I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie. You have eight thousand Unsullied.
Daenerys Targaryen: You're very young, to be a Captain.
Prendahl Na Ghezn: He isn't a Captain; he's a lieutenant.
Daenerys Targaryen: Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side.
Mero: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won.
Jorah Mormont: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run.
Daenerys Targaryen: Or, you could fight for me.
Mero: We've taken the slavers' gold. We fight for Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: I would pay you as much, and more.
Prendahl Na Ghezn: Our contract is our bond. If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again.
Daenerys Targaryen: Ride with me, and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing, when I take back the Seven Kingdoms.
Daario Naharis: You have no ships, you have no siege weapons. You have no cavalry.
Daenerys Targaryen: A fortnight ago, I had no army. A year ago, I had no dragons. You have two days to decide.
Merot: Show me your cunt. I want to see if it's worth fighting for.
Grey Worm: [in Valyrian] My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you?
Daenerys Targaryen: [smiles, replies in Valyrian] These men are our guests. [to Mero] You seem to be enjoying my wine. Perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you think it over?
Mero: Only a flagon? And what are my brothers-in-arms to drink?
Daenerys Targaryen: A barrel, then?
Mero: Good! The Titan's Bastard does not drink alone. In the Second Sons, we share everything. Maybe after the battle, we'll all share you. I'll come looking for you after this is over.
Daenerys Targaryen: Ser Barristan, if it comes to battle, kill that one first.
Barristan Selmy: Gladly, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: Congratulations, my lady.
Sansa Stark: Thank you, your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: We've done it. You've married a Lannister! Soon you will have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it? What a glorious day!
Sansa Stark: Yes, your grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you. Maybe I'll pay you a visit after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that? [Sansa doesn't answer] You wouldn't? Well, that's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boris will hold you down. [to the crowd] Time for the bedding ceremony!
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony.
Joffrey Baratheon: Where's your respect for tradition, uncle? Come, everyone! Pick her up, and carry her to her wedding bed. Get rid of her gown, she won't be needing it any longer. Ladies! Attend to my uncle, he's not heavy!
Tyrion Lannister: There will be no bedding ceremony.
Joffrey Baratheon: There will be if I command it!
[Tyrion angrily slams his dagger into the table]
Tyrion Lannister: Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock!
Joffrey Baratheon: What did you say? What...did you...SAY?!
Tywin Lannister: I believe we can dispense with the bedding ceremony, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king.
Tyrion Lannister: [laughs] A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small, my poor wife won't even know I'm there.
Tywin Lannister: Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace.
Tyrion Lannister: I am...guilty. But... But, it is my wedding night. My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do. Come, wife. I vomited on a girl once. Middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife. Don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it, put you in the mood.
Sansa Stark: Is that wise, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: Tyrion, Sansa. My name is Tyrion. [pours himself a cup of wine]
Sansa Stark: Is that wise, Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing was ever wiser. Astoundingly long...
Sansa Stark: What?
Tyrion Lannister: Neck. You have one. How old are you, exactly?
Sansa Stark: Fourteen.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, talk won't make you any older. My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage.
[Sansa pours herself a cup of wine and hastily drinks it; she begins undressing]
Tyrion Lannister: [shakes his head] Stop. I can't... I could, but I won't.
Sansa Stark: But, your father...
Tyrion Lannister: If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start. I won't share your bed. Not until you want me to.
Sansa Stark: What if I never want you to?
Tyrion Lannister: "And so my Watch begins."
Davos Seaworth: [in a cell] Your Grace!
Stannis Baratheon: They feeding you enough?
Davos Seaworth: Two meals a day: cold for breakfast, hot for supper. I cannot complain.
Stannis Baratheon: You don't belong in a place like this.
Davos Seaworth: Well, sad to say, but I've seen worse.
Stannis Baratheon: I'm sorry about your son. I never got the chance to tell you before. Good lad, loyal lad. Melisandre's returned.
Davos Seaworth: I didn't know she'd been gone.
Stannis Baratheon: Came back with a bastard boy, Robert's bastard boy.
Davos Seaworth: Why?
Stannis Baratheon: She says "power in king's blood."
Davos Seaworth: She's going to kill him.
Stannis Baratheon: Sacrifice him.
Davos Seaworth: Forgive me, Your Grace, I'm not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice? The boy's your nephew.
Stannis Baratheon: What of it? We're at war. Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?
Davos Seaworth: Because he has your blood in his veins.
Stannis Baratheon: So did Renly.
Davos Seaworth: Renly wronged you. Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you. He raised an army, stole your bannermen. This boy's done you no harm. He's an innocent.
Stannis Baratheon: How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women? "The darkness will devour them all", she says, "the night that never ends." Unless I triumph. I never asked for this - no more than I asked to be King. We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no? Great or small, we must do our duty. What's one bastard boy against a kingdom?
Davos Seaworth: Your Grace, why did you come to see me, today?
Stannis Baratheon: I came to free you. If you swear to never raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again.
Davos Seaworth: I swear it. I can't swear never to speak against her.
Stannis Baratheon: You have little regard for your own life.
Davos Seaworth: Quite little, Your Grace. Verging on none. You could've freed me yesterday, or tomorrow... but you came to me now, before this boy is put to the knife, because... you knew I'd counsel restraint. You came to hear me say it, because you believe it yourself. You're not a man who slaughters innocents, for gain or glory. When my son was five, he said to me, "I don't ever want to die." I wanted to say to him, "You won't child- you won't ever." I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid. I think mothers and fathers made up the Gods... because they wanted their children to sleep through the night.
Stannis Baratheon: I saw a vision in the flames. A great battle in the snow... I saw it. And you saw whatever she gave birth to. I never believed, but when you see the truth, when it's right there in front of you, as real as these iron bars... how can you deny her God is real?
Margaery Tyrell: You look radiant, your Grace.
Cersei Lannister: Radiant? Why radiant?
Margaery Tyrell: It's word that came to mind. We're going to be sisters soon, we should be friends.
Cersei Lannister: You're a musical girl, aren't you? I imagine you have a lovely voice.
Margaery Tyrell: A better dancer, than a singer, I'm afraid.
Cersei Lannister: Ah, but you know the song, the Rains of Castamere?
Margaery Tyrell: Of course. They play it so often here at court.
Cersei Lannister: So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?
Margaery Tyrell: Not as well as you, I'm sure.
Cersei Lannister: House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. Second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now? Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step. You'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle, as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds, larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally, one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?
Margaery Tyrell: Gone?
Cersei Lannister: Gone? A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman and child, put to the sword. I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. [Quoting "Rains of Castamere] And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear." If you ever call me "sister" again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep.