Walder Frey: My honored guests, be welcome within my walls and at my table. I extend to you my hospitality and my protection in the light of the Seven.
Robb Stark: Thank you for your hospitality, my lord. I've come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness.
Walder Frey: Don't beg my forgiveness, your grace. It wasn't me you spurned, it was my girls. One of them was supposed to be queen. Now none of them are. This is Arwaya, my daughter, my daughter Walda, my daughter Derwa, my daughter Waldra. My eldest granddaughters Janeya and Neyela. Serra and Sarra, granddaughters, twins. You could have had either. You could have both for all I care. My granddaughter Marianne, my granddaughter Freya, my granddaughter...Wertha? Walra? Waldina?
Merry Frey: I'm Merry.
Walder Frey: Fine. And here's my youngest daughter, Shirei. Though she hasn't bled yet, clearly you don't have the patience for all that.
Robb Stark: My ladies, all men should keep their word. Kings most of all. I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow. The fault is not with you. Any man would be lucky to have any one of you. I did what I did not to slight you but because I loved another. I know these words cannot set right the wrong I've done to you and your house. I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends.
[A bemused Walder claps his hands.]
Walder Frey: Very good.
Catelyn Stark: He complained about this marriage the entire way from Riverrun, and now look at him.
Brynden Tully: The Gods love to reward a fool.
Catelyn Stark: Uncle!
Brynden Tully: What? He's my nephew, I love him, and, he's a damn fool.
[Next to them, Roose Bolton prevents a servant girl from pouring him wine.]
Catelyn Stark: Don't you drink, Lord Bolton?
Roose Bolton: Never do, my Lady, dulls the senses.
Brynden Tully: That's the point. Didn't you marry one of these Frey girls?
Roose Bolton: Aye, Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters and promised me the girl's weight in silver as a dowry. So, I have a fat young bride.
Catelyn Stark: I hope she makes you very happy.
Roose Bolton: Well, she's made me very rich.
Brynden Tully: Pardon, my Lord, my Lady, I need to find a tree to piss on.
Walder Frey: [To Robb] Your Grace, I fear I've been, remiss in my duties. I've given you meat and wine and music, but, I haven't shown you the hospitality you deserve. My king has married and I owe my new queen a wedding gift.
[Catelyn notices Roose Bolton is wearing chain mail, and slaps him]
Catelyn Stark: Robb!
[Robb turns just as Roose Bolton flees from his chair and Lothar Frey walks up behind Talisa and stab her repeatedly in the stomach]
Walder Frey: The King in the North arises!
[Catelyn takes Walder's wife hostage and holds a knife to her throat.]
Catelyn Stark: Lord Walder! Lord Walder, enough! Let it end! Please! He is my son, my first son! Let him go and I swear we will forget this, I swear it by the old gods and the new, we will take no vengeance!
Walder Frey: You already swore me one oath, right here in my castle. You swore by all the gods that your son would marry my daughter!
Catelyn Stark: Take me for your hostage! But let Robb go. Robb get up, get up and walk out, please! Please!
Walder Frey: And why would I let him do that?
Catelyn Stark: On my honor as a Tully, On my honor as a Stark! Let Robb go, or I will cut your wife's throat!
Walder Frey: I'll find another.
Robb Stark: Mother...
Roose Bolton: The Lannisters send their regards.
[Roose stabs Robb through the heart. Catelyn screams as she cuts Jeyhousse's throat. Black Walder comes up behind her and slits her throat]]
Mhysa [3.10]
Tyrion Lannister: Killed a few puppies today?
Joffrey Baratheon: [gestures to Pycelle] Show him. Go on, show him!
[Pycelle takes out a small scroll and holds it out, but drops it when Tyrion reaches for it]
Grand Maester Pycelle: Ohhh! I'm sorry, my Lord, old fingers.
Tyrion Lannister: "Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey." Is that bad poetry, or is it supposed to mean something?
Joffrey Baratheon: Robb Stark is dead! And his bitch mother! Write back to Lord Frey. Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head to me. I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast.
Varys: Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage.
Cersei Lannister: A joke. Joffrey did not mean it.
Joffrey Baratheon: Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast.
Tyrion Lannister: No. She is no longer yours to torment.
Joffrey Baratheon: Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I'm a monster? Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies.
Joffrey Baratheon: I could have your tongue out for saying that!
Cersei Lannister: Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately. Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste!
Joffrey Baratheon: I am the KING!! I will punish you!
Tywin Lannister: Any man who must say, "I am the king" is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you.
Joffrey Baratheon: My father won the real war! He killed Prince Rhaegar. He took the crown, while you hid under Casterly Rock!
Tywin Lannister: [Glares at Joffrey, unfazed] ...The king is tired. See him to his chambers.
Cersei Lannister: Come along.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not tired.
Cersei Lannister: We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest.
Tywin Lannister: Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm not... TIRED!!
Cersei Lannister: Come.
Tyrion Lannister: You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.
Tywin Lannister: You're a fool if you believe he's the most powerful man in Westeros.
Tyrion Lannister: A treasonous statement! Joffrey is king.
Tywin Lannister: You really think a crown gives you power?
Tyrion Lannister: No, I think armies give you power. [Tywin nods] Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same. [Tywin nods again] Oh, I know. Walder Frey gets all the credit, or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action, unless he had certain assurances...
Tywin Lannister: Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?
Tyrion Lannister: I'm all for cheating, this is war. But to slaughter them at a wedding...
Tywin Lannister: Explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle than a dozen at dinner.
Tyrion Lannister: So that's why you did it? To save lives?
Tywin Lannister: To end the war. To protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead! Write one. I'm in this world a little while longer, to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood.
Tyrion Lannister: The Northerners will never forget.
Tywin Lannister: Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the South. All the Stark men are dead. Winterfell is a ruin. Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North, until your son by Sansa comes of age. I believe you still have some work to do on that score.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you think she'll open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?!
Tywin Lannister: One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant-
Tyrion Lannister: I will not rape her!
Tywin Lannister: Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
Tyrion Lannister: Use small words. I'm not as bright as you!
Tywin Lannister: The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its' sons and daughters first. A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position, regardless of his own selfish desires. [Tyrion smiles] Does that amuse you?
Tyrion Lannister: No, it's a very good lesson. Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family, when you're making all the decisions!
Tywin Lannister: Easy for me, is it?
Tyrion Lannister: When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest, but solely for the benefit of the family?
Tywin Lannister: The day that you were born. I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live. And I've brought you up as my son. Because you're a Lannister!
Walder Frey: "The late Walder Frey" old Tully called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty...but look at us now, Tully! You're dead, your daughter's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and I am Lord of Riverrun! [cackles]
Roose Bolton: The Blackfish escaped.
Walder Frey: An old man on the run with no allies. I have Tywin Lannister backing me, who does he have?
Roose Bolton: As you say.
Walder Frey: They all laughed at me, all those high lords, they all thought they were better than me: Ned Stark, Hoster Tully...people snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?!
Roose Bolton: You'll be needing a new young girl.
Walder Frey: Yes...got that to look forward to. And you...the Warden of the North! No more Starks to bow and scrape to! Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country.
Roose Bolton: He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant...
Walder Frey: Calling himself "The Young Wolf"...how's that for pomposity? Well...[raises his goblet in mock toast] Here's to the Young Wolf! [makes a mocking wolf howl]
Roose Bolton: Forever young. [both men chuckle]
Walder Frey: Will you move to Winterfell now that the war's over?
Roose Bolton: At some point, perhaps. But Winterfell's in ruins.
Walder Frey: Yes...what happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place. I heard he killed all the ravens and then, nothing.
Roose Bolton: I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out. Robb Stark offered amnesty for the Ironborn if they gave us Theon.
Walder Frey: And?
Roose Bolton: [grins] Ramsay delivered the terms. The Ironborn turned on Theon as we knew they would. They handed him over, trussed and hooded, but Ramsay...well, Ramsay has his own way of doing things.
Ramsay Snow: [eating a sausage] Those girls weren't lying. You had a good sized cock. [Theon weakly looks at the sausage in horror] What? No! Pork sausage. Do you think I'm some sort of savage? When people talk about phantom limbs, an amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be. So I've always wondered, do eunuchs have a phantom cock? Next time you think about naked girls, will you feel an itch? Sorry. I shouldn't make jokes. My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples...[grins] but my father taught me aim for their head!
Theon Greyjoy: Kill me...
Ramsay Snow: Sorry, what?
Theon Greyjoy: Kill me.
Ramsay Snow: A little louder.
Theon Greyjoy: KILL ME!
Ramsay Snow: You're no good to me dead. We need you. You don't look like Theon Greyjoy anymore. That's a name for a lord. But you're not a lord, are you? You're just...meat. Stinking meat. You reek. Reek! That's a good name for you. What's your name?
Theon Greyjoy: Theon Greyjoy.
[Ramsay backhands Theon]
Ramsay Snow: What's your name?
Theon Greyjoy: Th-Theon Greyjoy.
[Ramsay punches Theon in the jaw]
Theon Greyjoy: Please...
[Ramsay grabs Theon by the face]
Ramsay Snow: What...is...your...name?!
Theon Greyjoy: Reek. My name is...Reek.
1st Frey Bannerman: What d'you want?
Arya Stark: Mind if I keep warm?
2nd Frey Bannerman: Fuck off!
Arya Stark: But I'm hungry.
1st Frey Bannerman: Does "Fuck off" mean something different where you're from?
Arya Stark: I've got money. [she reaches into her belt pouch and pulls out the Braavosi coin Jacquen gave her]
1st Frey Bannerman: What kinda coin is that?
Arya Stark: It's worth a lot. [she drops it on the ground when he reaches for it] Sorry.
1st Frey Bannerman: Little shit. [as he leans over to pick up the coin, Arya violently stabs him several times in the back and neck. Sandor Clegane then kills all three of them.]
Sandor Clegane: Where did you get the knife?
Arya Stark: From you.
Sandor Clegane: Is that the first man you've killed?
Arya Stark: The first man.
Sandor Clegane: The next time you're going to do something like that, tell me first!
Arya Stark: [picks up the Braavosi coin] Valar Morghulis.
Jon Snow: Ygritte, you know I didn't have a choice. You always knew who I was, what I am. I have to go home now. I know you won't hurt me.
Ygritte: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Jon Snow: I do know some things. I know I love you. I know that you love me. But I have to go home now!
[He turns away and Ygritte fires an arrow into his shoulder, knocking him down in agony. Jon staggers over to his horse, climbs on and rides away, but not before Ygritte shoots him twice more. She watches him go, sobbing.]