Jaime Lannister: My brother tells me you keep your mouth shut. Unusual talent, for a sellsword.
Bronn: He tells me you shit gold, just like your father.
Jaime Lannister: Is this place safe?
Bronn: There's this knight, er, Laygood. Got thunderbolts on his shield? [Jaime nods] Right here is where I fuck his wife. She's a screamer, that one. If they don't hear her, they won't hear us. [whistles as Jaime draws his sword] I've never seen Valyrian steel before. She's a beauty. Problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to. And if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me. [pulls two blunted swords out of his bag and drops one on the ground]
Jaime Lannister: I haven't used a sparring sword since I was nine. [just as he grabs the practice sword, Bronn hits him on the wrist with his blade, forcing him to drop it] Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guard's down.
Bronn: Best time to attack a man. [attacks as Jaime picks up the sword; they spar for a moment, then Bronn shoves him against a rock wall] Mind yourself!
Jaime Lannister: If I still had my right hand...
Bronn: Plan on growin' it back?
Ramsay Snow: Father. [shoves Theon forward, Roose gets up and inspects him more closely]
Roose Bolton: What did you do to him?
Ramsay Snow: I trained him. He was a slow learner, but he learned.
Roose Bolton: You flayed him.
Ramsay Snow: Peeled a few bits. Removed a few others.
Roose Bolton: This was Balon Greyjoy's son and heir.
Ramsay Snow: We've been flaying our enemies for a thousand years. The flayed man is on our banners.
Roose Bolton: My banners, not yours. You're not a Bolton, you're a Snow. Tywin Lannister has given me the North, but he won't lift a finger to help me take it. As long as the Ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck. Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything. I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin.
Ramsay Snow: I already asked. Lord Greyjoy refused. Savages have...
Roose Bolton: You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?
Ramsay Snow: You made me Acting Lord of the Dreadfort. I acted.
Roose Bolton: I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys. I needed Theon. I needed him whole.
Ramsay Snow: Theon was our enemy. But Reek? Reek will never betray us.
Roose Bolton: I place far too much trust in you.
Ramsay Snow: Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? It's disrespectful.
Theon Greyjoy: Sorry, my lord.
Ramsay Snow: [to Locke] Give him the razor.
[Ramsay sits in a chair and Theon is handed a razor; Roose turns around to watch]
Ramsay Snow: I'm not a Bolton, father. What does it matter? Go on, Reek. A nice, close shave.
[Theon begins carefully shaving Ramsay]
Oberyn Martell: Your Grace. Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Prince Oberyn.
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe you have met Ellaria. This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister the Queen Regent. I suppose it is former Queen Regent now. Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand.
Ellaria Sand: My lord. My lady.
Tywin Lannister: Charmed.
Cersei Lannister: Can't say I've ever met a Sand before.
Ellaria Sand: We are everywhere in Dorne. I have 10,000 brothers and sisters.
Oberyn Martell: Bastards are born of passion, aren't they? We don't despise them in Dorne.
Cersei Lannister: No? How tolerant of you.
Oberyn Martell: I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked.
Cersei Lannister: I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding.
Tywin Lannister: Please give him our regards. With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again.
Oberyn Martell: They call it the rich man's disease. A wonder you don't have it, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: Noblemen in my part of the country don't enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne.
Oberyn Martell: People everywhere have their differences. In some places the highborn frown upon those of low birth. In other places, the rape and murder of women and children is considered...distasteful. What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place.
Joffrey Baratheon: Well fought. Well fought. Here you are. Champion's purse. Though you're not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign. Uncle. How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume.
Tyrion Lannister: One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. [Nods towards the champion dwarf.] This one is clearly mad with lust. It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night.
[Enraged and humiliated, Joffrey walks over to Tyrion and empties his goblet over his uncle's head.]
Tyrion Lannister: A fine vintage. Shame that it spilled.
Joffrey Baratheon: It did not spill.
Margaery Tyrell: My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast.
Joffrey Baratheon: Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? [To Tyrion] Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight.
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace does me a fine honor.
Joffrey Baratheon: It's not meant as an honor.
[A brief pause, and Tyrion gets up to take the cup, but Joffrey drops it. As Tyrion bends to pick it up, Joffrey kicks it underneath a table.]
Joffrey Baratheon: Bring me my goblet.
[Tyrion goes underneath the table searching for the goblet. Sansa picks it up and hands it to Tyrion, who, in turn, hands it to Joffrey.]
Joffrey Baratheon: What good is an empty cup? Fill it. [Tyrion fills the cup with wine and hands it to Joffrey] Kneel. [Tyrion looks at him] Kneel before your king. [Pause] Kneel. [Pause as Tyrion glares at Joffrey; Getting angry] I said... kneel! [Tyrion keeps glaring at him]
Margaery Tyrell: Look, the pie.
Joffrey Baratheon: Uncle. Where are you going? You're my cupbearer, remember?
Tyrion Lannister: I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon: No, no, no. No, you're perfect the way you are. Serve me my wine. Well, hurry up. This pie is dry. [He hands the cup to Joffrey, who gulps at it] Mm, good. Needs washing down.
Tyrion Lannister: If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired.
Joffrey Baratheon: No. [coughs] No, you'll wait here... [coughs again] un-- [continues coughing]
Tyrion Lannister: Your Grace?
Joffrey Baratheon: [short of breath, he takes a gulp of wine to try and alleviate his coughing] It's nothing.
Margaery Tyrell: He's choking!
Olenna Tyrell: Help the poor boy. [Joffrey staggers away from the table, choking frantically.] Idiots, help your king.
Jaime Lannister: Move away! [He pushes his way through the crowd and runs towards Joffrey as he collapses, choking and vomiting.] Joffrey! Joffrey!
Cersei Lannister: Help him! Someone help him! Joffrey!
[in the confusion, court fool Dontos Hollard appears behind Sansa]
Dontos Hollard: [to Sansa] Come with me now.
Cersei Lannister: Joffrey! Joffrey!
Dontos Hollard: [to Sansa] If you want to live, we have to leave.
Cersei Lannister: Don't touch him! Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. Joffrey, what is it? Help him!
[Joffrey begins to bleed from his nose and eyes, he wheezes out his last breath and finally dies.]
Cersei Lannister: My son. [sobbing]
Man: He's gone. Our king is gone.
Cersei Lannister: [turning to glare at Tyrion] He did this. He poisoned my son, your king. Take him. Take him! Take him! Take him!