Tywin Lannister: Your brother is dead. Do you know what that means? [Tommen hesitates in answering] I'm not trying to trick you.
Tommen Baratheon: It means I'll become king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes, you will become king. What kind of king do you think you will be?
Tommen Baratheon: A good king?
Tywin Lannister: I think so as well; you have the right temperament for it. But what makes a good king, hmm? What is a good king's single most important quality?
Cersei Lannister: This is hardly the place or the time!
Tommen Baratheon: Holiness?
Tywin Lannister: Baelor the Blessed was holy and pious. He built this sept. He also named a six year old boy High Septon because he thought the boy could work miracles. He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world and this world was sinful.
Tommen Baratheon: Justice?
Tywin Lannister: A good king must be just. Orys the First was just; everyone applauded his reforms, nobles and commoners alike, but he wasn't just for long. He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother. Was that truly just of him, to abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?
Tommen Baratheon: No. What about strength?
Tywin Lannister: Yes, strength. King Robert was strong; he won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty. And he attended three Small Council meetings in seventeen years of ruling, and he spent his time whoring, hunting and drinking until the last two killed him. So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him and a man who thinks winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?
Tommen Baratheon: Wisdom?
Tywin Lannister: Yes!
Tommen Baratheon: Wisdom is what makes a good king.
Tywin Lannister: Yes. But what is wisdom? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which is not? Any experience of treasuries and granaries? Or shipyards and soldiers?
Tommen Baratheon: No.
Tywin Lannister: Of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his councilors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards. Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, he'd probably still be alive.
Tyrion Lannister: [in his cell] Podrick. Apologies for the stench.
Podrick Payne: I brought you some wine, m'Lord, but they took it from me.
Tyrion Lannister: A noble effort.
Podrick Payne: They didn't find the candles, though [starts laying items on a bench] A quill, some parchment, duck sausage, almonds, and some hard cheese.
Tyrion Lannister: You're a good lad. Any word of Shae?
Podrick Payne: I've heard nothing, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose that's a good thing. What are they saying about me, out there?
Podrick Payne: You're to stand trial, in a fortnight- for murdering the King.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?
Podrick Payne: No, m'Lord. You didn't.
Tyrion Lannister: No. Gods, no. The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it. I'd like to think, if I were planning a Royal assassination, I would arrange it in such a way that I wouldn't be standing there, gawking like a fool when the King died. Trial in a fortnight... have they announced the judges yet?
Podrick Payne: Your father.
Tyrion Lannister: Of course.
Podrick Payne: Lord Mace Tyrell.
Tyrion Lannister: Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote.
Podrick Payne: And Prince Oberyn of Dorne.
Tyrion Lannister: Oberyn? [laughs] Leave it to my father.Never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy.
Podrick Payne: I'm supposed to get a list of names from you, my Lord. Anyone who might testify on your behalf.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh! I can call my own witnesses? How generous of them! Very well. My wife, Sansa.
Podrick Payne: My Lord, she's gone.
Tyrion Lannister: Gone?
Podrick Payne: No one's seen her, since the wedding. You don't think she...
Tyrion Lannister: No one had more cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl's no assassin. No, whoever killed the King wanted me to lose my head for it and with my wife's disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty. Podrick.
Podrick Payne: Yes, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: They'll be following you, now.
Podrick Payne: Who, my Lord?
Tyrion Lannister: I don't know! They, they! The ominous "They"! The men pulling the strings, or women. My father. Maybe Joffrey was too much work for him. Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle. Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume it's my sister that had a hand in it. But say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children. She is the only one I'm certain had nothing to do with this murder... which makes this unique, as King's Landing murders go.
Davos Seaworth: Westeros is not the world, Your Grace. We need to look east for ships and men. 10,000 skilled soldiers fight for the Golden Company.
Stannis Baratheon: [disgusted] The Golden Company?
Davos Seaworth: They've never broken a contract.
Stannis Baratheon: They're sellswords.
Davos Seaworth: We're willing to use blood magic to put you on the throne, but we're not willing to pay men to fight? Now the Red Woman's magic is real. Her visions and prophecies may be, too, but I've never heard of visions and prophecies winning a war. Soldiers win wars. Soldiers on the ground. It's dirty on the ground.
Stannis Baratheon: We don't have any gold.
Davos Seaworth: Not yet.
Stannis Baratheon: If I do not press my claim, my claim will be forgotten. I will not become a page in someone else's history book. I'm running out of time, Ser Davos. Which means you're running out of time.
Oberyn Martell: I'm sorry about your grandson.
Tywin Lannister: Are you?
Oberyn Martell: I don't believe that a child is responsible for the sins of his father or his grandfather. An awful way to die...
Tywin Lannister: Which way is that?
Oberyn Martell: Are you interrogating me, Lord Tywin?
Tywin Lannister: Some believe the king choked.
Oberyn Martell: Some believe the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant. The king was poisoned.
Tywin Lannister: I hear you studied poisons at the Citadel.
Oberyn Martell: I did. This is why I know.
Tywin Lannister: Your hatred for my family is...rather well known. You arrive in the capital, an expert in poisoning; some days later, my grandson dies of poisoning.
Oberyn Martell: Rather suspicious. Why haven't you thrown me in a dungeon?
Tywin Lannister: You spoke with Tyrion in this very brothel on the day you arrived. What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: [amused] You think we conspired together?
Tywin Lannister: What did you discuss?
Oberyn Martell: The death of my sister.
Tywin Lannister: For which you blame me.
Oberyn Martell: She was raped and murdered by the Mountain. The Mountain follows your orders. Of course I blame you.
Tywin Lannister: I stand before you unarmed, unguarded. Should I be worried?
Oberyn Martell: You are unarmed and unguarded because you know me better than that. I'm a man of reason; if I slit your throat today, I will be drawn and quartered tomorrow.
Tywin Lannister: Men at war commit all kinds of crimes, without their superiors' knowledge.
Oberyn Martell: So you're denying involvement in Elia's murder?
Tywin Lannister: Categorically. [long pause, then Oberyn turns away]
Oberyn Martell: I would like to speak with the Mountain.
Tywin Lannister: I'm sure he would enjoy speaking with you.
Oberyn Martell: He might not enjoy it as he thinks he would.
Tywin Lannister: I could arrange for this meeting-
Oberyn Martell: But you want something in return.
Tywin Lannister: There will be a trial for my son and as custom dictates, three judges will render a verdict. I will preside, Mace Tyrell will serve as the second judge and I would like you to be the third.
Oberyn Martell: Why?
Tywin Lannister: Not long ago, the Tyrells sided with Renly Baratheon, declared themselves enemies of the throne; now they are our strongest allies-
Oberyn Martell: Well, you made the Tyrell girl a Queen. Asking me to judge at your son's trial isn't quite as tempting.
Tywin Lannister: I will also invite you to sit on the Small Council, to serve as one of the new king's principal advisors. [Oberyn sips his wine, then turns around]
Oberyn Martell: I never realized you had such respect for Dorne, Lord Tywin.
Tywin Lannister: We are not Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold. The king is dead, the Greyjoys are in open rebellion, a wildling army marches on the Wall and in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons. Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros. Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons.
Oberyn Martell: [grins] You're saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit.
Tywin Lannister: We need each other. You help me serve justice to the King's assassins... and I will help you serve justice to Elia's. [Offers Oberyn his hand to shake]
[After Daario has effortless dispatched Mereen's champion, Daenerys addresses the slaves of Meereen]
Daenerys Targaryen: I am Daenerys Stormborn. Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing. It does not matter. I have nothing to say to them. I only speak to you. First, I went to Astapor. Those who were slaves in Astapor, now stand behind me, free. Next I went to Yunkai. Those who were slaves in Yunkai, now stand behind me, free. Now I have come to Meereen. I am not your enemy. Your enemy is beside you. Your enemy steals and murders your children. Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering, and commands. I do not bring you commands. I bring you a choice. And I bring your enemies what they deserve.