Daenerys Targaryen: Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts?
Jorah Mormont: 163, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes, that was it.
Barristan Semly: Your Grace, may I have a word? The city is yours. All these people, they're your subjects now. Sometimes it is better to answer injustice with mercy.
Daenerys Targaryen: I will answer injustice with justice.
Jaime Lannister: To tell you the truth, this isn't so bad. Four walls. A pot to piss in. I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months.
Tyrion Lannister: Is that supposed to make me feel better?
Jaime Lannister: Maybe a bit. I'm sorry I didn't come sooner.
Tyrion Lannister: It's complicated, yes. So how is our sister?
Jaime Lannister: How do you think? Her son died in her arms.
Tyrion Lannister: Her son?
Jaime Lannister: Don't. [Pause] You know what's coming?
Tyrion Lannister: My trial for regicide. Yes, I know. I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty. I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count. And that judge is my father. As for Cersei, well, she's probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed.
Jaime Lannister: Now that you mention it, she did ask.
Tyrion Lannister: So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
Jaime Lannister: Depends. Did you do it?
Tyrion Lannister: The Kingslayer brothers. You like it? I like it. You're really asking if I killed your son?
Jaime Lannister: Are you really asking if I'd kill my brother? How can I help you?
Tyrion Lannister: Well, you could set me free.
Jaime Lannister: You know I can't.
Tyrion Lannister: Then there's really nothing else to say.
Jaime Lannister: What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? I'm the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Tyrion Lannister: Sorry, I'd forgotten. I'd hate for you to do something inappropriate.
Jaime Lannister: Inappropriate? You're accused of killing the king. Freeing you is treason.
Tyrion Lannister: Except I didn't do it.
Jaime Lannister: Which is why we're having a trial.
Tyrion Lannister: A trial. If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldn't matter to Cersei. She won't rest until my head's on a spike.
Jaime Lannister: Not just yours. She's offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark.
Tyrion Lannister: Sansa couldn't have done this.
Jaime Lannister: She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms. Do you think it's a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
Tyrion Lannister: No, but... Sansa's not a killer. Not yet, anyway.
Sansa Stark: Where are you taking me?
Petyr Baelish: I'm getting married to your aunt, Lhysa. She's waiting for us at the Eyrie. You'll be safe there.
Sansa Stark: Did you kill Joffrey?
Petyr Baelish: [smiles] Did I kill Joffrey? I've been in the Vale, for weeks.
Sansa Stark: I know it was you.
Petyr Baelish: [gives her a mocking smile] And who helped me with this conspiracy?
Sansa Stark: Well, there was Ser Dontos...You used him to get me out of King's Landing, but you would never trust him to kill the King.
Petyr Baelish: Why not?
Sansa Stark: Because you're too smart to trust a drunk.
Petyr Baelish: Then, perhaps it was your husband.
Sansa Stark: No.
Petyr Baelish: How do you know?
Sansa Stark: I just do.
Petyr Baelish: You're right. He wasn't involved in Joffrey's death. But you were. [Sansa stares at him] Do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you? I don't suppose you noticed that a stone was missing, after the feast...
Sansa Stark: The poison. [he smiles] I don't understand! The Lannisters gave you wealth, power. Joffrey made you the Lord of Harrenhal!
Petyr Baelish: [shrugs] A man with no motive is a man no one suspects. Always keep your foes confused. If they don't know who you are, or what you want they can't know what you plan to do next.
Sansa Stark: I don't believe you. If they catch you, they'll put your head on a spike, just like my father's. You'd risk that, just to confuse them?
Petyr Baelish: So many men, they risk so little. They spend their lives avoiding danger. And then they die. I'd risk everything to get what I want.
Sansa Stark: And what do you want?
Petyr Baelish: Everything. My friendship with the Lannisters was productive... but Joffrey? A vicious boy with a crown on his head. He's not a reliable ally. Who could trust a friend like that?
Sansa Stark: Who could trust you?
Petyr Baelish: I don't want friends like me. My new friends are predictable, very reasonable people. As for what happened to Joffrey, well... that was something my new friends wanted, very badly. Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong.
Margaery Tyrell: I can't believe you're going. Leaving me with these people!
Olenna Tyrell: The time has come, my dear. There's nothing more tedious than a trial... except perhaps these gardens. If I have to take one more leisurely stroll through the gardens, I'll fling myself from the cliffs. Have you been to see Tommen yet?
Margaery Tyrell: No. Have they even agreed to the match? No one tells me anything.
Olenna Tyrell: I wasn't originally engaged to marry your grandfather Luthor, you know. He was engaged to marry my sister, your great-aunt Viola. I was engaged to marry some Targaryen or other. Marrying a Targaryen was all the rage, back then. But the moment I saw my intended with his twitchy little ferret's face and ludicrous silver hair, I knew he wouldn't do. So, the evening before Luthor was to propose to my sister, I got lost on my way back from my embroidery lesson and'happened upon his chambers. How absent-minded of me.
Margaery Tyrell: Mm-hmm.
Olenna Tyrell: The following morning, Luthor never made it down the stairs to propose to my sister, because the boy couldn't bloody walk. [Margaery laughs] And once he could, the only thing he wanted was what I'd given him, the night before. I was good. I was very, very good. You are even better, but you need to act quickly. Cersei may be vicious, but she's not stupid. She'll turn the boy against you as soon as she can. And by the time you're married, it'll be too late. Luckily for you, the Queen Regent is rather distracted at the moment, mourning her dear departed boy. Accusing her brother of his murder, which, he didn't commit.
Margaery Tyrell: Well, he could have done.
Olenna Tyrell: Oh, he could have done, but he didn't.
Margaery Tyrell: You don't know, Grandmother.
Olenna Tyrell: [gives her a direct look] But I do know. [Margaery stares at her in shock] You don't think I'd have let you marry that beast, do you?
Margaery Tyrell: What? I don't understand...
Olenna Tyrell: Shhhh. Don't you worry yourself about all that. You just do what needs to be done.
Brienne of Tarth: [reading from "The History of the Kingsguard"] "Ser Jaime Lannister. Knighted and named to the Kingsguard in his sixteenth year. At the Sack of King's Landing, murdered his King, Aerys the Second. Pardoned by Robert Baratheon; thereafter known as Ser Kingslayer."
Jaime Lannister: It's the duty of the Lord Commander to fill those pages. And there's still room left on mine. [he hefts a sword, balancing it awkwardly on his maimed arm, and hands it to Brienne, who examines it carefully]
Brienne of Tarth: Valyrian steel. [Jaime nods]
Jaime Lannister: It's yours.
Brienne of Tarth: I can't accept-
Jaime Lannister: It's reforged from Ned Stark's sword. We'll use it to defend Ned Stark's daughter. We swore an oath to return the Stark girls to their mother. Lady Stark's dead. Arya's probably dead, too, but there's still a chance to find Sansa, and get her somewhere safe. [pause] I've got something else for you. [pulls a curtain off a specially made suit of armor] I hope I got your measurements right.
Brienne of Tarth: I'll find her. For Lady Catelyn. And for you.