Margaery Tyrell: Your Grace?
Cersei Lannister: [they both watch her son Tommen] There he is.
Margaery Tyrell: Long may he reign.
Cersei Lannister: Long may he reign.
Margaery Tyrell: He sits the Throne like he was born to it.
Cersei Lannister: Yes. He wasn't, though, was he?
Margaery Tyrell: No, he wasn't.
Cersei Lannister: You still mourn for Joffrey?
Margaery Tyrell: He was my husband, my King.
Cersei Lannister: He would have been your nightmare.
Margaery Tyrell: Your Grace, I-
Cersei Lannister: You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. It doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked?
Margaery Tyrell: No.
Cersei Lannister: The things he did shocked me. [they look towards Tommen] He's only a boy. A good boy, a decent boy, he always has been. Who was the last decent king, I wonder? He could be the first man to sit on that throne in fifty years to actually deserve it.
Margaery Tyrell: It would be some consolation, wouldn't it? For all the horror that put him there.
Cersei Lannister: He will need help if he's going to rule well.
Margaery Tyrell: He has you.
Cersei Lannister: A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being Queen, I take it?
Margaery Tyrell: After all that's happened? It sounds strange, I know, but I haven't given any thought to it. What comes next. It would be a great honor, of course. But I will have to speak to my father about it.
Cersei Lannister: Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine.
Margaery Tyrell: We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon. I won't even know what to call you. Sister, or Mother?
Jorah Mormont: Joffrey Baratheon is dead. Murdered at his own wedding.
Barristan Selmy: And we've taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace.
Daario Naharis: The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy.
Daenerys Targaryen: Who told you to take their Navy?
Daario Naharis: No one.
Daenerys Targaryen: So why did you do it?
Daario Naharis: I heard you like ships.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many ships?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three, Your Grace.
Daenerys Targaryen: How many men can they carry?
Barristan Selmy: Ninety-three hundred, not counting sailors.
Daenerys Targaryen: Would that be enough to take King's Landing?
Jorah Mormont: The Lannisters have more.
Barristan Selmy: They've been fighting Joffrey's mad wars for years. They're tired, dispersed, and now their King is dead. 8,000 Unsullied and 2,000 Second Sons sail into Blackwater Bay, storm the gates without warning...
Jorah Mormount: It's hard to say. Could be enough... but we're not fighting to make you Queen of King's Landing. Ten thousand men cannot conquer Westeros.
Barristan Selmy: The old Houses will flock to our Queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea.
Jorah Mormount: The old Houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have. There's other news, from Yunkai. Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have re-taken control of the city. They've re-enslaved what freed men have stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you. And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon, who's declared himself 'His Imperial Majesty'.
Daenerys Targaryen: Please leave me. Not you, Jorah. It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned.
Jorah Mormont: You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind. A boy sits on the Iron Throne, a boy whom many believe to be a bastard with no right to it. They have never been more vulnerable.
Daenerys Targaryen: You counseled me against rashness in Qarth. I didn't listen, but all worked out well. How can I rule seven Kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?
Jorah Mormont: You're a Targaryen. You're the Mother of Dragons.
Daenerys Targaryen: I need to be more than that. I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros.
Jorah Mormont: What, then?
Daenerys Targaryen: I will do what Queens do. I will rule.
Lysa Arryn: What took you so long?
Petyr Baelish: Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive.
Lysa Arryn: She's here. We've spent more than enough time on her for one evening. Let's get married tonight.
Petyr Baelish: Ought we not inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?
Lysa Arryn: There's only one Lord of the Vale. The others can all hang. Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me.
Petyr Baelish: I do think that we could wait until...
Lysa Arryn: I'm done waiting, Petyr. We had our wedding night many years ago. Or don't you remember?
Petyr Baelish: Like it was yesterday.
Lysa Arryn: What wife would do for you the things I've done for you? What wife would trust you the way I've trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine. When you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters.
[Petyr interrupts Lysa by kissing her]
Petyr Baelish: The deed is done. Faded into nothing. Only speaking of it can make it real. Tonight it is, then. Let me bathe and dress for the occasion. Once I'm presentable, I'll call on the septon immediately.
[Lysa opens the doors, revealing a septon]
Lysa Arryn: I'm warning you. I'm going to scream when my husband makes love to me. I'm going to scream so loud, they'll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea.
Arya Stark: Joffrey...Cersei...Walder Frey...Meryn Trant...Tywin Lannister...The Red Woman...Beric Dondarrion...Thoros of Myr...Illyn Payne...The Mountain...
Sandor Clegane: Would you shut up?
Arya Stark: I can't sleep until I say the names.
Sandor Clegane: The names of every fucking person in Westeros?
Arya Stark: Only the ones I'm going to kill.
Sandor Clegane: Huh. Hate's as good a thing as any to keep a man going, better than most. [pause] We come across my brother, maybe we can both cross a name off a list.
Arya Stark: If he were here right now, what would you do?
Sandor Clegane: I'd tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep. Go on, get it over with, your list of doomed men.
Arya Stark: I'm almost done. Only one name left.
Sandor Clegane: Go on!
Arya Stark:([lies down] The Hound.
Jon Snow: We lost four brothers?
Eddison Tollett: Five.
Grenn: [stares at Locke's horribly broken neck] What in Seven Hells could do that to a man?
Jon Snow: I count ten dead mutineers. Locke said there were eleven of them.
Eddison Tollett: Where's Rast?
Watchman: Here's another!
Grenn: [glances up and sees Ghost appear at the gate] Jon?
Jon Snow: [smiles] Where in Seven Hells?! Come here! I've missed you, boy.
Eddison Tollett: [indicates Craster's surviving daughter-wives] What should we do with this lot?
Jon Snow: It's not safe for you out here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way, and there's worse out there than Mance. Come with us to Castle Black. We can find you work, keep you safe.
Craster's first wife: Meaning all respect, Ser Crow. Craster beat us, and worse. Your brother Crows beat us, and worse. We'll find our own way.
Jon Snow: You want to stay here? In Craster's Keep?
Craster's first wife: [looks up at the hall and spits] Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it.