Tycho Nestoris: Welcome to the Iron Bank. Please...sit. What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?
Davos Seaworth: This is Stannis of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm!
Tycho Nestoris: The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
Stannis Baratheon: He shares no blood with me. He was a bastard born of incest, as was his brother before him.
Tycho Nestoris: Yes, we've heard this story.
Stannis Baratheon: It's not a story! It's the truth!
Tycho Nestoris: The King's grandfather tells a different story: a story about a jealous uncle, whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful King cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly, in blood...and gold.
Stannis Baratheon: Gold you loaned him.
Tycho Nestoris: And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?
Stannis Baratheon: More than any man living.
Tycho Nestoris: Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like "Usurper", "Madman" and "blood right". Here, our books are filled with numbers. We prefer the stories they tell, more plain, less... open to interpretation. How many fighting men remain loyal to you?
Stannis Baratheon: Four thousand.
Tycho Nestoris: And how many ships do you have? The ones still afloat, Ser Davos, not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay.
Davos Seaworth: Thirty-two.
Tycho Nestoris: And, how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your... four thousand men, on your thirty-two ships?
Stannis Baratheon: None.
Tycho Nestoris: You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending, from our perspective. I'm afraid we must...respectfully decline your request. But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit. (Stannis glares at Davos; they stand up. Stannis moves away, but Davos steps towards the table)
Davos Seaworth: My lord-
Tycho Nestoris: I'm not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth. You would not be either here. In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles.
Davos Seaworth: Well, strictly speaking, I didn't do the thieving. That would be the pirates. I just moved what they stole from one place to another. [shows his mutilated hand] This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes. I consider it an honest accounting. He's an honest man and he's your best chance to get back the money you've sunk into Westeros. Which is a lot, I imagine. Wars are expensive.
Tycho Nestoris: The war is over.
Davos Seaworth: As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over. Who's the real power in King's Landing?
Tycho Nestoris: Ser Davos.
Davos Seaworth: Humor me.
Tycho Nestoris: Tywin Lannister.
Davos Seaworth: How old is Tywin Lannister?
Tycho Nestoris: 67.
Davos Seaworth: 67. And when he dies, who's in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywin's gone, who do you back?
Tycho Nestoris: That is a problem for another time.
Davos Seaworth: Begging your pardon, I think it's a problem for now. There's only one reliable leader left in Westeros. Stannis. He's got the birthright. He's in his prime. He's a tried and tested battle commander. And he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it.
Bolton guard: [about Theon/Reek] Last cage on the right!
Yara Greyjoy: Thank you. [she slits his throat with her hatchet] We're going home.
Theon Greyjoy: No! [backs away from her as she opens the door]
Yara Greyjoy: It's all right! It's me,Yara.
Theon Greyjoy: You can't trick me! Tell him! Tell him you couldn't trick me!
Yara Greyjoy: I'm not tricking you, Theon! I'm saving you.
Theon Greyjoy: Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name's Reek!
Bolton guards: They're here!
Greyjoy bannerman: If they catch us in here, we're trapped!
Yara Greyjoy: Help me with him!
Theon Greyjoy: [crying hysterically] No, you can't! You can't!
Yara Greyjoy: You're Theon Greyjoy!
Theon Greyjoy: No! I've never been him! Please- I'm Reek, good Reek, I've always been Reek!
Ramsay Snow: [entering the kennels] This is turning into a lovely evening.
[The Bolton and Greyjoy forces attack each other]
Yara Greyjoy: Aaargh! Theon! Give me my brother back, and no more of your men will die.
Ramsay Snow: You've got bigger balls than he ever did. But, with those... big balls of yours... [grins as he unlocks the hounds' cages] How fast can you run?
Oberyn Martell: These meetings aren't always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night. So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you...
[Tywin enters and everybody but Oberyn stands up]
Mace Tyrell: Lord Tywin, it's a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council. I...
Tywin Lannister: The trial begins this afternoon. We only have the morning for affairs of state. Shall we begin?
Varys: Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord.
Cersei Lannister: A coward and a traitor.
Varys: My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers. I believe the phrase "Fuck the King" was uttered.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Disgraceful.
Tywin Lannister: What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?
Varys: 10 Silver stags seems a generous bounty.
Tywin Lannister: Make it 100. What else?
Varys: More whispers from the east, my lord.
Tywin Lannister: The Targaryen girl?
Varys: Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen. She has conquered the city and rules as its queen.
Cersei Lannister: Conquered with what?
Varys: She commands an army of Unsullied, my queen. Some 8,000 strong. She has a company of sellswords, the Second Sons. She has two knights advising her. Jorah Mormont and Barristan Selmy. And she has three dragons.
Cersei Lannister: Baby dragons.
Varys: Larger every year, Your Grace.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Mormont is spying on her for us.
Varys: No longer. He appears to be fully devoted to her. As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated.
Cersei Lannister: He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son.
Tywin Lannister: Joffrey didn't die on his watch. Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid.
Cersei Lannister: Don't tell me you're worried about a child, halfway across the world.
Varys: A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her... and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace.
Oberyn Martell: Lord Varys is right. I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand. They are very impressive on the battlefield. Less so in the bedroom.
Tywin Lannister: Dragons haven't won a war in 300 years. Armies win them all the time. She must be dealt with.
Pycelle: How, my lord? By force?
Tywin Lannister: Eventually, if it comes to that. Can your little birds find their way into Mereen?
Varys: Most certainly, my Lord Hand.
Jaime Lannister: You'd condemn your own son to death?
Tywin Lannister: I've condemned no one. The trial is not over.
Jaime Lannister: This isn't a trial, it's a farce! Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it!
Tywin Lannister: I know nothing of the sort.
Jaime Lannister: You've always hated Tyrion!
Tywin Lannister: He killed his king-
Jaime Lannister: As did I! Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head! [Tywin looks surprised] I saved your life so you could murder my brother?
Tywin Lannister: It won't be murder, it will be justice.
Jaime Lannister: Justice?!
Tywin Lannister: I'm performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King. If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly.
Jaime Lannister: He'll be executed.
Tywin Lannister: No, he'll be punished accordingly!
Jaime Lannister: Once, you said family is what lives on. All that lives on. You told me about a dynasty that would last 1000 years. What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? I'm a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line.
Tywin Lannister: I'm well aware of your oath.
Jaime Lannister: What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister? Others whose names I don't even remember?
Tywin Lannister: What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandson's killer?
Jaime Lannister: It survives...through me. [Tywin looks shocked] I'll leave the Kingsguard, I'll take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live.
Tywin Lannister: Done. [Jaime is stunned] When the testimony is concluded and the guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. He'll plead for mercy, I'll allow him to join the Night's Watch. In three days times, he'll depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall. You'll remove your white cloak immediately. You will leave King's Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock. You will marry a suitable woman, and father children named "Lannister". And you'll never turn your back on your family again.
Jaime Lannister: You have my word.
Tywin Lannister: And you have mine.
Tyrion Lannister: [after Shae testifies against him] Father... I wish to confess. I wish to confess.
Tywin Lannister: You wish to confess?
Tyrion Lannister: [to the audience of the trial] I saved you. I saved this city and all your worthless lives! I should have let Stannis kill you all!
Tywin Lannister: Tyrion! Do you wish to confess?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes... Father. I'm guilty. Guilty! Is that what you want to hear?
Tywin Lannister: You admit you've poisoned the King?
Tyrion Lannister: No. Of that, I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime. I'm guilty of being a dwarf!
Tywin Lannister: [exasperated] You are not on trial for being a dwarf.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, yes I am! I've been on trial for that my entire life!
Tywin Lannister: Have you nothing to say on your defense?
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing but this: I did not do it. I did not kill Joffrey, but I WISH THAT I HAD! [addressing Cersei] Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than a thousand lying whores! [Tyrion glares at Cersei and Shae, then turns to the crowd] I wish I was the monster you think I am. I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you. I would gladly give my life to WATCH YOU ALL SWALLOW IT!
[The entire crowd roars with outrage]
Tywin Lannister: Ser Meryn! Ser Meryn, escort the prisoner back to his cell!
Tyrion Lannister: I will NOT give my life for Joffrey's murder, and I know I'll get no justice here, so I will let the gods decide my fate. I demand a trial by combat.