Rorge: There's a price on your head.
Sandor Clegane: Yes, that's what the King does when you tell him to fuck off.
Rorge: The King's dead. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers, a hundred silver stags.
Sandor Clegane: And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you?
Arya Stark: You were Yoren's prisoners, when he was taking me to the Wall. He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick.
Sandor Clegane: [to Rorge] This day's really not working out the way you planned. [to Arya] He on your little list?
Arya Stark: He can't be. I don't know his name.
Sandor Clegane: What's your name?
Rorge: Rorge.
Arya Stark: Thank you. [draws Needle and stabs Rorge through the heart]
Sandor Clegane: You're learning.
[Bronn enters Tyrion's cell, dressed in noble finery]
Bronn: My lord. [makes a mocking bow]
Tyrion Lannister: You have new clothes.
Bronn: You like them, eh? Gloves are doeskin, softer than a virgin's thighs.
Tyrion Lannister: I sent for you days ago.
Bronn: I've been a bit busy.
Tyrion Lannister: Doing what?!
Bronn: My lonesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth.
Tyrion Lannister: Lollys Stokeworth? She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl.
Bronn: I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.
Tyrion Lannister: She's dim-witted!
Bronn: If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.
Tyrion Lannister: When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
Bronn: Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.
Tyrion Lannister: And you do understand the rules of inheritance?
Bronn: Falyse is forty and barren.
Tyrion Lannister: She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies.
Bronn: [nods] She does...unless she happens to perish before her father, then Lollys gets the castle. What? Ladies fall from their horse and snap their pretty necks all the time.
Tyrion Lannister: You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here?
Bronn: You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price.
Tyrion Lannister: Is it two wives you want or two castles?!
Bronn: One of each would do... but if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle.
Tyrion Lannister: I'm a bit short on castles at the moment, but I can offer you gold and gratitude.
Bronn: I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude?
Tyrion Lannister: You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts.
Bronn: Your sister's a Lannister too.
Tyrion Lannister: My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it.
Bronn: If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm and close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock up before I could blink!
Tyrion Lannister: Does he frighten you so much?!
Bronn: I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong, and quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired from hacking at me he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow...but one misstep and I'm dead. Why should I risk it?
Tyrion Lannister: Because you're my friend.
Bronn: Aye, I'm your friend...and when have you ever risked your life for me? I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just...like myself more.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand.
Bronn: I'm sorry it has to be this way.
Tyrion Lannister: Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place. [they shake hands for the last time]
Bronn: We had some good days together.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, we did.
Bronn: What will you do?
Tyrion Lannister: I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song?
Bronn: I hope to hear them sing it one day.
Jorah Mormont: Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that?
Daenerys Targaryen: I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai.
Jorah Mormont: You have?
Daenerys Targaryen: I have.
Jorah Mormont: Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control.
Daenerys Targaryen: That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men.
Jorah Mormont: They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself. Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them.
Daenerys Targaryen: And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?
Jorah Mormont: It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought.
Daenerys Targaryen: Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it.
Jorah Mormont: I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: And now you are helping me show them to freedom.
Jorah Mormont: I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai.
Daenerys Targaryen: The man who came to me the other day about burying his father.
Jorah Mormont: Hizdahr zo Loraq?
Daenerys Targaryen: He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one. Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind.
Jorah Mormont: Yes, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No. Tell him you changed my mind.
Tyrion Lannister: I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.
Oberyn Martell: I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day.
Tyrion Lannister: Mm, do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like.
Oberyn Martell: Your sister, actually.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh.
Oberyn Martell: Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you. I think she may have even believed it herself.
Tyrion Lannister: Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts.
Oberyn Martell: It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. It is rare to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed.
Tyrion Lannister: She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck... she's wanted this for a long time.
Oberyn Martell: Yes, I know. We met, you and I. Many years ago.
Tyrion Lannister: I think I would have remembered that.
Oberyn Martell: Unlikely. You had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him, on a visit to Casterly Rock; my first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, not your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment... you.
Tyrion Lannister: You and my family have more in common than you might admit.
Oberyn Martell: The whole way from Dorne, all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy.
Tyrion Lannister: That would have made things so much easier.
Oberyn Martell: When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day, we would ask; every day, she would say, "Soon." Then, she and your brother took us to your nursery and... she unveiled the freak. Your head was a bit large, your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs, just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. I hope they are right. He should not have lived this long."
Tyrion Lannister: Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.
Oberyn Martell: And what about what I want? Justice... for my sister, and for her children.
Tyrion Lannister: If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.
Oberyn Martell: I disagree. I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And, all those who have wronged me are right here. I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. I will be your champion.
Sansa Stark: You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?
Lysa Arryn: Come here, Sansa. Do you know how far the fall is?
Sansa Stark: No.
Lysa Arryn: Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. [pause] I know what you did.
Sansa Stark: I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin, I know it. I promise it won't happen...
Lysa Arryn: Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed him. You kissed Petyr.
Sansa Stark: I didn't. You don't understand.
Lysa Arryn: I saw you. You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes.
Sansa Stark: He kissed me. I pulled away.
Lysa Arryn: Liar! [grabs Sansa by her hair and hold her over the Moon Door] Whore! He is mine! My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead. That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me. Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down!
Petyr Baelish: [entering] Lysa! Let her go.
Lysa Arryn: You want her? This empty-headed child?
Petyr Baelish: Let her go.
Lysa Arryn: She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you. I killed for you. Why did you bring her here? Why?
Petyr Baelish: I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. Let her go, Lysa.
[Lysa releases Sansa. Baelish walks over to her and helps a crying Lysa to her feet]
Petyr Baelish: Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife. I have only loved one woman... only one, my entire life. [Lysa smiles] Your sister.
[Baelish shoves her out of the Moon Door; she plummets to her death, screaming]