Tyrion Lannister: We are a group of people who do not like each other, as this demonstration has shown. We have suffered at each other's hands. We've lost people we love at each other's hands. If all we wanted was more of the same, there would be no need for this gathering. We are entirely capable of waging war with each other without meeting face to face.
Cersei Lannister: So instead we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days?
Tyrion Lannister: We all know that will never happen.
Cersei Lannister: Then why are we here?
Jon Snow: This isn't about living in harmony; it's just about living. The same thing is coming for all of us; a general you can't negotiate with, an army that doesn't leave corpses behind on the battlefield. Lord Tyrion tells me a million people live in this city...they're about to become a million more soldiers in the army of the dead.
Cersei Lannister: I imagine for most of them, that would be an improvement.
Jon Snow: This is serious! I wouldn't be here if it weren't.
Cersei Lannister: I don't think it's serious at all. I think it's another bad joke. If my brother Jaime has informed me correctly, you're asking for a truce?
Daenerys Targaryen: Yes. That's all.
Cersei Lannister: "That's all?" Pull back my armies and stand down while you go on your monster hunt? Or while you solidify and expand your position? Hard to know which it is with my armies pulled back until you return and march on my capital with four times the men!
Daenerys Targaryen: Your capital will be safe until the Northern threat is dealt with. You have my word.
Cersei Lannister: The word of a would-be usurper!
Tyrion Lannister: There is no conversation that will erase the last fifty years. We have something to show you.
[A wight is released from a crate and it charges forward. Sandor Clegane pulls it back before it can reach Cersei, and when it turns to attack him, he severs its legs and one of its arms. Jon sets the arm alight]
Jon Snow: We can destroy them by burning them, and we can destroy them with dragonglass. [Jon draws a dragonglass dagger and stabs the wight in the heart, killing it] If we don't win this fight, then that is the fate of every person in the world! There is only one war that matters. The Great War...and it is here!
Cersei Lannister: [about Daenerys] I shouldn't be surprised, I suppose. She's your kind of woman: a foreign whore who doesn't know her place.
Tyrion Lannister: A foreign whore you can't abduct, beat or intimidate. That must be difficult for you.
Cersei Lannister: So you bring her here, with her pet Northerner, whom you have convinced to bow down before her?
Tyrion Lannister: I didn't know about that.
Cersei Lannister: And now you've got them both working towards the same goal, the goal you've worked towards your entire life.
Tyrion Lannister: Cersei, I didn't know!
Cersei Lannister: The destruction of this family.
Tyrion Lannister: I am the one preventing that from happening. Daenerys didn't want to debate and negotiate, she didn't want to bring you words! She wanted to bring you fire and blood until I advised her otherwise! I don't want to destroy our family, I never have.
Cersei Lannister: You killed our father.
Tyrion Lannister: After he sentenced me to death for a crime I didn't commit. Yes, I killed him. Hate me for it, if you want; I hate myself for it, in spite of what he was, in spite of what he did to me.
Cersei Lannister: Oh, poor little man, your papa was mean to you. Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open. You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart. You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen! No one would have touched them if Father was here, no one would have dared!
Tyrion Lannister: I have never been more sorry about anything...
Cersei Lannister: I won't hear it, not from you. I will NOT hear it!
Tyrion Lannister: All right. You love your family, and I have destroyed it. I will always be a threat. So, put an end to me. If it weren't for me, you'd have a mother, if it weren't for me, you'd have a father. If it weren't for me, you'd have two beautiful children! I've thought about killing you more times than I can count! DO IT! Say the word.
[Ser Gregor half-draws his blade; Cersei pauses, then sighs impatiently and looks away.]
Tyrion Lannister: I am more sorry about the children than you can ever know.
Cersei Lannister: I will not...
Tyrion Lannister: I don't care! I loved them. You know I did. You know it in your heart, if there's anything left of it.
Cersei Lannister: Doesn't matter. Your love doesn't matter, your feelings don't matter. I don't care why you did what you did, I only care what it cost us. It cost us our future.
Tyrion Lannister: If there's no future, then why are we here? Why did you allow me to come?
Cersei Lannister: Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, I know, not what you hoped for, but you must have hoped for something!
Cersei Lannister: What did you hope for? To make Jon Snow submit to your Queen?
Tyrion Lannister: Not like this.
Cersei Lannister: But, eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes.
Cersei Lannister: Why?
Tyrion Lannister: Because I think she will make the world a better place.
Cersei Lannister: You said she'd destroy King's Landing.
Tyrion Lannister: She knows herself. She chose an adviser who would check her worst impulses, instead of feeding them. That's the difference between you.
Cersei Lannister: I don't care about checking my worst impulses. I don't care about making the world a better place. Hang the world. [rubs her belly] That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means. And when it came at me, I didn't think about the world, not at all. As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat. All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family. Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea: get on a boat, take those who matter—
Tyrion Lannister: You're pregnant.
[At the Dragonpit]
Jon Snow: No one's less happy about this than I am.
Daenerys Targaryen: I know. I respect what you did. Wish you hadn't done it, but I respect it. This place was the beginning of the end for my family. Zaldrizes buzdari iksos daor. "A dragon is not a slave". They were terrifying, extraordinary. They filled people with wonder and awe, and we locked them in here. They wasted away. They grew small. And we grew small, as well. We weren't extraordinary without them. We were just like everyone else.
Jon Snow: You're not like everyone else. And your family hasn't seen its end. You're still here.
Daenerys Targaryen: I can't have children.
Jon Snow: Who told you that?
Daenerys Targaryen: The witch who murdered my husband.
Jon Snow: Has it occurred to you she might not've been a reliable source of information?
Daenerys Targaryen: You were right, from the beginning. If I'd trusted you, everything would've been different.
Jon Snow: So, what now?
Daenerys Targaryen: I can't forget what I saw, North of the Wall. And I can't pretend that Cersei won't take back half the country the moment I march North.
Jon Snow: It appears that Tyrion's assessment was correct. We're fucked.
Arya Stark: Are you sure you want to do this?
Sansa Stark: It's not what I want, it's what honor demands.
Arya Stark: And what does honor demand?
Sansa Stark: That I defend my family from those who would harm us. That I defend the North from those who would betray us.
Arya Stark: All right, then. Get on with it.
Sansa Stark: [seeming to speak to Arya] You stand accused of murder, you stand accused of treason. How do you answer these charges...[glancing over at Petyr Baelish] Lord Baelish?
Petyr Baelish: Lady Sansa, I have known you since you were a girl. I have protected you...
Sansa Stark: Protected me? By selling me to the Boltons?
Petyr Baelish: If we could speak alone, I can explain everything...
Sansa Stark: [quoting Petyr] "Sometimes, when I'm trying to understand a person's motives, I play a little game. I assume the worst." What's the worst reason you have, for turning me against my sister? That's what you do, isn't it? That's what you've always done. Turn family against family, turn sister against sister. That's what you did to our mother and Aunt Lysa, and that's what you tried to do to us.
Petyr Baelish: Sansa, please.
Sansa Stark: I'm a slow learner, it's true. But I learn.
Petyr Baelish: Give me a chance to defend myself. I deserve that. [to Yohn Royce] I am Lord Protector of the Vale and I command you to escort me safely back to the Eyrie.
Yohn Royce: I think not.
Petyr Baelish: [kneels before Sansa] Sansa, I beg you! I loved your mother since I was a boy!
Sansa Stark: And yet, you betrayed her.
Petyr Baelish: I loved you. More than anyone.
Sansa Stark: And yet, you betrayed me. When you brought me back to Winterfell, you told me "there's no justice in the world, not unless we make it." Thank you for all your many lessons, Lord Baelish. I will never forget them.
[Arya steps towards Littlefinger]
Petyr Baelish: Sansa--
[Arya slits his throat, killing him]
Bran Stark: Come in. [Sam enters] Samwell Tarly.
Samwell Tarly: I wasn't sure if you'd remember me.
Bran Stark: I remember everything. You helped us get beyond the Wall. You're a good man.
Samwell Tarly: Oh. Well, thank you, but, um, I'm not sure that I am. What happened to you beyond the Wall?
Bran Stark: I became the Three-Eyed Raven.
Samwell Tarly: Oh. I don't know what that means.
Bran Stark: I can see things that happened in the past. I can see things happening now, all over the world. Why did you come to Winterfell?
Samwell Tarly: Jon's the one to lead the fight against the dead. I know he is. But he can't do it alone. So I've come here to help him.
Bran Stark: He's on his way back to Winterfell... with Daenerys Targaryen.
Samwell Tarly: Y-you saw this... in a vision? [Bran holds up a scroll] Oh.
Bran Stark: He needs to know the truth.
Samwell Tarly: The truth about what?
Bran Stark: About himself. No one knows, no one but me. Jon isn't really my father's son. He's the son of Rhaegar Targaryen and my aunt, Lyanna Stark. He was born in a tower in Dorne. His last name isn't really Snow, it's Sand.
Samwell Tarly: He's not.
Bran Stark: Dornish bastards are named "Sand".
Samwell Tarly: At the Citadel, I transcribed a High Septon's diary. He annulled Rhaegar's marriage to Elia. He wed Rhaegar and Lyanna in a secret ceremony!
Bran Stark: Are you certain?
Samwell Tarly: It's what the High Septon wrote in his private diary. I don't know why he'd lie. Is there something you can see?
[Bran has a vision of Lyanna and Rhaegar's wedding]
Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna Stark: Father, Smith, Warrior. Mother, Maiden, Crone. Stranger. I am hers/his, and she/he is mine, from this day until the end of my days.
Bran Stark: Robert's rebellion was built on a lie. Rhaegar didn't kidnap my aunt, or rape her. He loved her. And she loved him. And Jon... Jon's real name...
Lyanna Stark: [to Ned Stark, in flashback] His name is Aegon Targaryen. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned.
Bran Stark: He's never been a bastard. He's the heir to the Iron Throne. He needs to know. We need to tell him.
Cersei Lannister: What are you doing?
Jaime Lannister: Preparing the expedition north.
Cersei Lannister: Expedition north? I always knew you were the stupidest Lannister. [Jaime looks at her in astonishment] The Starks and Targaryens have united against us and you want to fight alongside them. Are you a traitor, or an idiot?
Jaime Lannister: You pledged our forces to fight our common enemy.
Cersei Lannister: I'll say whatever I need to say to ensure the survival of our house. You expect me to trust the man who murdered our father? You expect me to command our troops to fight beside foreign scum? To fight for the Dragon Queen?
Jaime Lannister: You saw it with your own eyes, you saw a dead man trying to kill us!
Cersei Lannister: And I saw it burn. If dragons can't stop them, if Dothraki and Unsullied and Northmen can't stop them, how will our armies make a difference?
Jaime Lannister: This isn't about noble houses, this is about the living and the dead!
Cersei Lannister: And I intend to stay amongst the living. Let the Stark boy and his new queen defend the North. We'll stay here where we've always been.
Jaime Lannister: I made a promise.
Cersei Lannister: Our child will rule Westeros.
Jaime Lannister: Our child will never be born if the dead come south.
Cersei Lannister: The monsters are real. The White Walkers, the dragons, the Dothraki screamers. All the frightening stories we heard when we were young, they're all real, so be it. Let the monsters kill each other, and while they battle in the North we take back the lands that belong to us.
Jaime Lannister: And then what?
Cersei Lannister: And then we rule.
Jaime Lannister: When the fighting in the North is over, someone wins; you understand that, don't you? If the dead win, they march south and kill us all. If the living win, and we've betrayed them, they march south and kill us all!
Cersei Lannister: The Targaryens and the Starks already want to kill us all. Most of them will die in the North.
Jaime Lannister: I faced them in the field. We can't beat them, we can't beat their dragons!
Cersei Lannister: How many dragons did you see at the pit?
Jaime Lannister: Two.
Cersei Lannister: What happened to the third?
Jaime Lannister: For all we know, it's guarding her fleet!
Cersei Lannister: She came here with her dragons and her Dothraki and her Unsullied, she came here to show us all her power. No, something happened; the dragons are vulnerable.
Jaime Lannister: We can't beat the Dothraki! We don't have the numbers, we don't have the support of the other houses!
Cersei Lannister: No, we have something better - we have the Iron Bank. You should have listened more when Father spoke about the importance of gold. Oh, I know it was boring for you. You just wanted to hunt and ride and fight. But I listened, I learned. Highgarden bought us the most powerful army in Essos - the Golden Company. 20,000 men, horses, elephants, I believe.
Jaime Lannister: The Golden Company is not here; they're in Essos. How is a mercenary company in Essos going to help us?!
Cersei Lannister: Do you really think Euron Greyjoy turned tail and sailed back to the Iron Islands? Do you think he abandoned the chance to marry the Queen? No one walks away from me. He's sailing with his fleet to Essos, he's going to ferry the Golden Company back here to help us win the war for Westeros.
Jaime Lannister: You plotted with Euron Greyjoy without telling me, the commander of your armies?
Cersei Lannister: And you conspired with Tyrion, the man who murdered our father, without telling me, your Queen.
Jaime Lannister: I didn't conspire with...
Cersei Lannister: You met with him in secret without my consent. You planned to promote my enemy's interests! That is the definition of conspiracy.
Jaime Lannister: I pledged to ride north. I intend to honor that pledge.
Cersei Lannister: Then that will be treason.
Jaime Lannister: Treason?!
Cersei Lannister: Disobeying your queen's command, fighting with her enemies - what would you call it?
Jaime Lannister: Doesn't matter what I'd call it.
[Jaime moves to leave, but Ser Gregor blocks his path]
Cersei Lannister: I told you: no one walks away from me.
Jaime Lannister: Are you going to order him to kill me?! I'm the only one you have left. Our children are gone, our father is gone, it's just me and you now.
Cersei Lannister: There's one more yet to come.
Jaime Lannister: Give the order, then.
[Cersei pauses and nods. Ser Gregor draws his blade, but no order is given.]
Jaime Lannister: I don't believe you.
[Jaime walks away, disgusted]